second , in a comprehensive way .
such a backdrop , china will enter the world economy , it is necessary to accelerate the development of high - tech industries , and enhance the comprehensive national strength , and the improvement of the international division of this industry .
第二十 the establishment of the renminbi issuance treasury of the chinese people 's bank of china , and set up branches in their branches of the reservoir area , 保管 in charge of the renminbi issuance funds .
at the beginning of the new millennium , the people of all walks of life take advantage of the open up new thinking 聚会 , described the trend of world development of the new blueprint for the new century .
makes people worry about is the rocket and spacecraft on 头顶 .
事在人为 , china 's manned spaceflight we must do a good job in taking the first time .
however , many of scientists and the compilation personnel , 感觉到 愈加 , the development of china 's scientific and technical periodicals have been lagging far behind the development of science and technology in china .
from the middle east to the balkans , from afghanistan in somalia , it is almost no one day in the affairs of the busy themselves to meddle in others , there is no war years , non - interference in other countries .
it has been learned that the hong kong , macao , and overseas chinese committee of the cppcc national committee last year , will the work of taiwan as the focus of work .
the vast numbers of developing countries also recognize that only through participation and cooperation , can we gradually change to the irrational and unfair and international economic order , and this is one of numerous developing countries an important reason for joining the wto .
( article 41 those who ) zhu bangzao to accelerate the development of military cooperation between china and russia beijing , 15 feb - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today , carry out military cooperation between china and russia are aimed at strengthening national defense , and safeguarding the sovereignty and territorial integrity .
in 1995 , the european security policy " in the " 2000 通往 执委会 the eu report said that the common security and the eu diplomatic policy should take the establishment of a collective security mechanism for the purpose of europe .
tang yao - ming : i fully grasped the performance of 共军 王炯华 . - - taipei
the current level of the rmb exchange rate , in line with the current domestic economic structure , the inflation rate has been in a sustained decline in the domestic , and other parts of the appreciation of renminbi pressure has already become clear that there are also in fact the underestimate the outside world .
一九九九年六月 , sichuan chemical engineering machinery plant and france 's framatome cooperation and the level of 百万千瓦 - cut down on production of water pipelines 厂主 nuclear reactor officially products , and 完工 january this year .
since tunisia spoke highly of china 's leader of the domestic and foreign policy pursued to china in the economic and social development in the achievements made by the admiration of his heart .
merging will certainly promote china 's comprehensive change in an all - round way .
the supreme people 's court president xiao yang , and the central commission of political science , and the supreme people 's court , the xinhua news agency , xna , the china central television [ cctv ] , the central people 's radio , relevant leading comrades of the legal system ribao attended the forum .
taiwan 's future only one is moving toward with the mainland motherland 's reunification , and must not pursuit of separatism .
shi guangsheng expressed thanks for this .
wu bangguo said : the beijing international highway relay race sponsored for deepening sino - japanese friendship over the past 15 years , friendly exchanges , and sports exchanges have made contributions to the development of the people of all countries in the world .
the white paper also pointed out that the taiwan practicing " one country , two systems , can be more relaxed than hong kong and macao .
wang shaohong is 1997年3月 by the people , in line with the original intention 健体 cure illnesses after entering into practice .
in the face of the strategic restructuring of agriculture and rural economic structure , it is necessary to change the current ideological concepts as soon as possible , the method of leadership and the quality of cadres and masses and structural readjustment is still not meet the current situation of great change from to work methods of thinking .
wang yi , and le cong phung also held annual consultations of foreign affairs , and the two sides exchanged views on international and regional issues of common concern .
this determines that , although there are dangers and difficulties in the state council on the road of reunification , but any attempt to separate taiwan from china are doomed to failure .
rapid growth in material expenditure is primarily and farm chemicals , machine operation and the cost of such as 排灌 ( material is being used 2 ) .
we believe and hope for peaceful reunification of the two sides of the taiwan compatriots can see through the lies , and the untruthful , and make a wise choice .
the separation is a major theme of the reform of state - owned enterprises .
on 24 february , li peng leading cadres in zhangjiagang city " three stresses " education at the meeting .
present at the motions committee members 1,756 , accounting for 795% of the total number of committee members .
after listening to reports , general secretary jiang for the rapid development of the company 点头 with satisfaction .
to strengthen and improve education work and schools and education departments are not a matter of fact , families and society be the concern and support together .
a recent international organizations to the report shows that china 's highest in the international competitiveness in science and technology has appeared in a large margin 偏下 in mid - level has aroused the attention of people of vision in .
响雷 好似 of the " speech , has shocked china , to the requirements of the party committees and government at all levels of paying attention to education .
it is necessary to resolve these problems , we must mobilize school , family , and even the joint efforts of the entire society , and so on .
no one can correctly understand and solve the problem of mankind , will be able to seize the opportunities and strive to the advantages of the ahead front of the world .
this has decided to the stipulations of the annual national economic and social development plan formulated by the state council , five - year plan and draft long - term plan , one month before should be held in the national people 's congress [ npc ] , and submitted to the people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee .
some western countries advocating the " human rights are above sovereignty " another 论点 is , the value of the value of people is higher than that of the country .
how to settle the taiwan issue and realize the great cause of china 's reunification is the own business of the chinese people , the us anti - china politicians have not underestimate the determination and ability of the chinese people to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
mrs. robinson thanked the chinese held a symposium on the current human rights , also said : the meeting was very successful - - help strengthen exchanges and cooperation between the asia - pacific countries on the issue of human rights .
the united states this position , the principle is totally violated international law and the three sino - us joint communiques , but also violated china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
he first reviewed the work of the cppcc in the past year .
by chairman li ruihuan , presided over the meeting first approved the agenda of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
the leaders of the state council and the leading 各部委 will listen to the opinions of the deputies and committee members , so as to raising administrative efficiency and quality .
along with the development of reform and opening up and socialist modernization , and the people 's congress system will become more and more perfect , and play an important role .
further speeding up infrastructure construction , and take earnest steps to strengthen the building of the ecological environment ; vigorously readjust the industrial structure , and vigorously develop science and technology and education , constantly increase the intensity of reform and opening up .
丁佩玲 to improving school education , lighten the burden on students put forward three suggestions : effectively change their concepts , and establish correct outlooks on education ; strengthen education , reform in teaching research . strengthen the building of a contingent of teachers and strive to improve the quality of teachers .
transporting gas from western to eastern china , and lanzhou in chengdu oil - for several high - speed railroad , hydropower stations 龙滩 in guangxi , and in the asia - pacific region , and other projects 海缆 ii , it is necessary to speed up the progress of the preparatory work .
it is necessary to the execution of the party 's line , principles and policies and resolution on the inspection , and promptly exposed and dealt with seriously violated the acts of political discipline .
zeng peiyan said : through the building of the power over the past two five - year plan , china electric power supply been eased the tense situation .
in addition , the increase of national defense expenditures 百分之十二点七 .
xu shanlin explained that we are not the bill proposed rashness , in addition to appoint successful experiences of foreign countries , china now has a good environment of legislation .
the contemporary world , the development of science , with each passing day ; ideological and cultural exchanges , the intense interactions between each other .
this involves the vital interests of many workers , all localities must conscientiously implement the relevant state policies and regulations , we must properly resettle the workers , it is necessary to promptly put their capital 所需的 .
it is necessary to take market as guidance to the economic efficiency as the center , cultivate and develop the charge of industry , in the economic advantage .
according to hong kong npc deputy ma li said : the speeches of deputies president jiang zemin began his speech .
③ because china is still not perfect tariff system , thus protecting the role of high nominal tariffs on china 's domestic economy is limited , in 1998 , the tariffs , but only 7.9 percent of china 's reality .
the fight against corruption should start from strictly strengthening management .
every aspect of the people in hong kong should safeguard the authority of the chief executive , unite around the chief executive , and ensure the administrative region [ sar ] in line with the basic law .
for example , increase the export of labor - intensive products operations , we will provide a large number of job opportunities at home .
both the scale of production or technological quality and level of both management and operation or products , regardless of the contingent of entrepreneurs or the quality of workers , and there is a great gap with the international advanced standards .
many npc deputies and committee members pointed out that jiang zemin and other central committee political bureau standing committee of the grass roots , in the county level of mobilization on " three stresses " education , encouraging .
on behalf of the anhui 李浩 said : this year 's " two supremes " piracy is not the report has focused on the masses resent first , 裁判 injustice and 羁押 超期 , and other issues , and still , announced on file for investigation , the number of judicial personnel who have played favoritism .
both 褚獠验 from 械 鬯 香 shows that support the basic law interpretation of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee of the hong kong people .
at the turn of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee today held the national lowered its curtain .
foreign diplomatic envoys to china also attended the closing session on invitation .
since 1000年 ad , 北宋 period in china , and in science and technology , ideology and culture of the productive forces , and other in many areas have to lead in the world .
in the aspect of military capability , the us armed forces fully adopted the modern information industry technology and become a large - scale application of information technology .
the training class for seven cadres at the county level organizations of the state council office of the poor last year , the poverty - stricken counties receiving priority of the state 592 on the 1,400 a large - scale concentrated training at the county level cadres .
in particular , china 's wto entry is imminent , china 's economic and social with the outside world will be even more closer ties in the future is even more complicated and raises new requirements and the tests of the government management ability .
舒圣佑 , zhou shaosen , and li yanling respectively gave speeches at the forum .
by then , how to protect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity of the international community will , in whatever means to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity of the chinese government will be resort ?
however , some isolationism those who wanted to open the door to shut to china , but had now reached the time for the choice made by the us congress , a choice of isolation or engagement ?
it is necessary to speed up the strategic readjustment of the economic structure and improve the overall quality of the national economy .
continue to implement a proactive fiscal policy , and promote the rapid growth of investment demand , it is necessary to encourage and guide consumption .
tang shubei at a news conference held by the arats on the morning when a reporter asked : now 晚点 reunification or not get between the two sides of the strait reunification , but whether the first half of this move toward taiwan " independence " issue .
we must see to it that the overall situation in mind and guarding against the one - sided , 心系 the masses and guarding against 官僚 and innovation and guarding against 教条 , respect the law , and guarding against blindly grasping work in and guarding against empty talk on .
the responsible person said : the implementation of the " law of the people 's bank of china in the past five years , the formulation of the law of the central bank , the level of implementing the monetary policy and awareness markedly improved , and the ability to further strengthen financial supervision and management .
in addition , cross - strait to the " peace " some difference in understanding of word , because you cannot imagine that a person to threaten you said : you are not be reunified , i should play , and said : this is the pattern of peaceful reunification .
this point , and our leader has very clear , i as the chinese people , the leaders of such a stand firm support for china .
because many people in china , the development of productive forces are relatively backward , and uneven development in the region , we need to realize as a prosperous with a period is not realistic .
in this broad background , in seeking even more closer cooperation between countries , to be split within one country , it is obvious that is against the historical trend .
the founding of the 1989年8月 in the company , first , there are problems through all levels , and other means to buy 折价 the bad assets of financial institutions , and then adopt the means to these assets 投资银行 by sorting things out , the assessment , and give different , reorganization , and auction sale , and successfully resolve the problem of a large - scale bad assets .
if what people , dare to split the country , dare with foreign forces to engage in " taiwan independence " and in an attempt to separate taiwan from china 's territory , it will mean war .
therefore , whether or not recognize the one - china principle is the touchstone , will the side is sincere talks , whether or not is willing to the nation 's peaceful reunification .
beijing , 21 mar - - the first interim regulations on the board of supervisors state - owned enterprises to improve the mechanism of supervision of state - owned enterprises , strengthen the supervision of the state - owned enterprises , the formulation of these regulations .
president sassou said he was very happy to have the opportunity to meet with chairman li peng and his wife .
" taiwan independence " forces 拥兵 forces , to a considerable defense area and the goal of defense the main island of taiwan and outside the island , but also many scattered targets of defense has also been quite complex .
faced with such circumstances , we will not be taken lightly .
at the meeting , the " decision on the in - depth propaganda , made arrangements for the central propaganda department deputy head liu peng , 张维庆 director of the 计生委 of the state will implement the spirit of the " decision , further to do a good job of the demands of the population and family planning work .
in the east china sea - university professor said in his speech , lee teng - hui has kept on saying advertising " democracy , " it should be followed " democracy " usual practice .
he maintained that the taiwan people should support the use of the one - china principle on handling cross - strait relations .
none are allowed to set up in conservation zones for surface sources of domestic potable water unloading oils garbage , and other toxic and harmful 物品 the port .
this is the nanjing military region , the battalion 船运 certain base in shanghai is a heroic the implementation of the two new training courses .
in all countries in the economic itself mutual trust , and speed up the development of economic globalization , the two sides should further strengthen exchanges and cooperation between the two countries has become good friends , good neighbor and good partners .
according to the norms of international law , the syrian - israeli the two countries will jointly enjoy tiberias lake of water resources .
with a large number of the use of the launch of cruise missiles and outside the 防区 precision guidance to the implementation of the long - distance flight precision strike " non - contact war , " have become the major operation form of a modern war .
according to statistics , in 1990 1998 , the 500% increase of export of high technology to china from foreign countries .
why do now speak to do now in this way , their 游游 烁烁 闪闪 this ?
on behalf of the organ of state - owned enterprises a success of these enterprises .
we must , through this activities , guide cadres and masses out the orientation of thinking , and to think about their faith , think of their cohesion and combat strength .
in the system of registering conditions , the lack of personal income of their relative 's account , it is difficult to statistics and tax .
he said he said , chen yunlin pointed out that the leader of the cpc has always been the speech has said that the " one china " is the " people 's republic of china . " he said that can has chen shui - bian 's inaugural speech , china , three choice .
however , we should also soberly aware that there are still many problems in practice .
he said : " the formulation of laws of mankind is to restrict the people in the practice of mechanical manner , and closed people .
on this point , read read li hongzhi 's 歪诗 几首 that case , there is no desire of the state 's power in his heart , it is quite clear .
china 's long - term development of mineral resources , has established , including 大庆 the heilongjiang , and the anshan liaoning and fushun and supported by 300 of mineral resources , such as 攀枝花 sichuan 's industrial cities and towns .
hu jintao stressed : the chinese party and government has always highly values the traditional friendship , and will , as always , unremitting efforts to consolidate and develop sino - dprk friendly and cooperative relations .
we highly appreciate them .
in the last negotiations , lamy reiterated the eu commitment - support for china as early as possible , and 's entry into the wto .
take into account for a variety of reasons , some of the depositors should personally went to the actual conditions of financial institutions in handling deposit , the " regulations " provide agent for the deposit system of individual deposit accounts under real names .
ideological and political work is our party 's fine tradition and political superiority .
within the kuomintang , he tricks played political tricks , 排挤 dissidents , 顺我者昌 , 逆我者亡 .
he pointed out : we should adapt ourselves to new situations and new problems have emerged in the continuous development of society , in the position of equal importance to the revision of the law and formulating laws .
although e - commerce has broad prospects , however , the development of e - commerce is a huge systematic project that under the informationization level is low , and other factors restricting the development of e - commerce is more difficult , and long term and complicated .
the registration means in a bid to submit a false has proven that the documents or take other fraudulence , once discovered , industrial and commercial administrative organs should immediately provide punishment , and eventually 营业执照 吊销 .
in the " one china " principle , the hong kong people support the stand of the chief executive .
lee teng - hui 10 years time , have basically been one of promoting separatism and " taiwan independence " .
wu bangguo stressed : it is necessary to strictly 从快 investigation and handling of various accidents , and comprehensively implement the responsibility system .
we believe that there will be more taiwan compatriots will come to the motherland 's mainland investment and carrying out economic exchanges and cooperation .
to think about the source and to strive for progress , we should establish the thinking of the single entity , handling , and safeguard the overall situation of the two countries .
as everyone knows , there is only one china , taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
present at the first political commissar of the training generally feel that , after reform , high - standard of reserve force work , and is heavy and the pressure , there is facing a new knowledge of how to carry out an urgent task for the training 补差 .
the internal reform of enterprises with personnel of enterprises , labor , and distribution three - stress on the reform of the system is a staff and workers can be able to make progress , both political management personnel , income will increase be able to their mechanism .
the taiwan compatriots are dynastic 迁徙 from the mainland to taiwan , the use of the same , writing , language , taiwan compatriots on the mainland have blood relatives , many taiwan compatriots , we must 祭 拜 in fujian 's goddess matsu , to the common the chinese nation 's ancestors 祭 拜 黄帝陵 .
in fact , the issue is not that simple .
we hope that the joint efforts with new ideas , and promote the upgrading of the two countries ' mutually beneficial cooperation in the new century to achieve greater development .
on the legitimate religious activities , we must protect the country and it is necessary to resolutely crack down on cults , and banned .
the chinese government to accomplish this adhere to the principles of peaceful reunification , and expressed the utmost sincerity and hope to taiwan compatriots .
foreign minister david levy and 沙龙 welcome to president jiang zemin on his state visit to israel , and expressed the belief that the current visit will certainly entrusted by the with a new driving force for the development of relations between the two countries .
therefore , in the contemporary world , and it in safeguarding state sovereignty and human rights action can only under the leadership of the ratification and enforcement of the united nations or within the member states in regional and international organizations .
in fact , the extreme nationalism ishihara 's mentality of colonialism , and the emergence and hatred , the dprk and rok her ugly essence of the people of the three countries and has been fully exposed in the world .
three months 从前 the situation of using foreign capital , the momentum of recovery of 逐月 emergence of foreign capital used by china .
the united states are always under the pretext of human rights criticized by the broad masses of developing countries , china is one of the victims .
these interests of the group for the impact of the congress will force the congress and government conduct a bargaining , and reflect the interests of some groups in the past , some public opinion and some media 's position .
if clinton government will not put forward china 's human rights issue , writing our gospel by the republican party , will this opportunity to this issue , and criticized the democratic party .
in addition , with some cadres have lost their principle and lower levels to see 眼色 leadership , and 投其所好 is objectively will encourage corruption .
albright has deeply interventions astonishing countries for his visit in china 's internal affairs .
counties where conditions permit , prefecture ( city ) level , and other organs must carry out the transparency of administrative affairs .
our two countries can carry out cooperation in many fields , such cooperation is of utmost importance to the development and progress of south africa .
he also expressed the south african government clearly uphold the one - china principle , 给与 the chinese side for its valuable support on many occasions .
the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and south africa , although not a long time , however , since the two countries ' relations have developed rapidly since the establishment of diplomatic relations , and the potential of cooperation between the two sides are into specific cooperative achievements .
touching on the results of vote , he said that although he the number of votes cast votes that the us congress will be very close . however , he said he believes that the final result will be a " smooth passage of the " .
we cannot enjoy the old - age , unemployment insurance staff members and workers of the collective enterprises also can enter the minimum subsistence support line .
he said : the 1.2 billion chinese people have the right to speak on the human rights situation in china .
he also answered a reporter 's question on the dprk foreign minister 's visit to china and the situation on the korean peninsula .
the association for relations across the taiwan new " cabinet " what are the views of the personnel arrangements ?
from cities to the border , from colleges and universities in the company and the republic of a bridge in the barracks , the young officers and men of the unprecedented enthusiasm for study , in the activity .
there are differences between the quality of officers and men , and historical reasons , there be social reasons , however , 根子 lies in our minds of some leaders in the ideological concepts which has established in keeping with the preparation for military struggle .
in particular , it should be pointed out that is , in expanding 拼命 military strength at the same time , japan 's militarist forces have increasingly rampant .
actively support and development of electronic technology industries , and maritime technology industries , biotechnology , and medical industries , new materials industries and high - tech industries such as environmental protection technology industries .
we should give full play to the role of the association and the chamber of commerce .
third , intensified reform by means of teaching methods .
in the wake of the enhancement of the development of science and technology and technological level , 超期 service is very normal , but should not be too many 超期 generally 退役 after five to 10 years in a service period of more than regulations .
various localities in the course of carrying out this campaign , we must integrate establish " 无毒 community " activities , and further carry out the anti - drug propaganda and education work .
these views on party history research and even all the history of scientific research , have guiding significance .
the unchecked spread of pirated publications , and seriously hurt the scientists , artists , and authors and owners of various copyrights have the enthusiasm of innovation , and from hampering the improvement of national quality .
therefore , this is the conviction and has prompted by chen shui - bian will himself on the island of taiwan 's political reasons for this reason for the operation of the us attitude and policies , and some public opinion .
the party 's advanced nature determines our military 's advanced nature .
chen xiaojin : china 's accession to the wto , the angle of shipbuilding industry is an opportunity it is also challenges .
ishihara has always advocated china , the six countries should be split into a raving china .
this satellite station is expected to formally put into operation in july next year .
in the 1980 's 70- of the 20 th century , the united states was well received by the japanese a strong challenge and competitiveness declining , economic low .
zhang qiyue pointed out : the chinese side has all along advocated " the five principles of peaceful coexistence " is the most basic principle guiding the development of relations between countries .
therefore , we should vigorously advocate the leading cadres in doing ideological and political work .
some comrades believe that the joint service in war . when it is time to go before .
experts and scholars stressed that peace is the fundamental interests of the people on both sides to china 's reunification .
on the other hand , isolated island is narrow , looking at the issue to other days , from .
the priority in adjusting our grain production structure readjustment of the agricultural structure .
instead of 屠宰税 to raised pigs and the collection of households , some township , according to the collection of people , and peasants indignant said : " the tax 猪头 " into " 人头税 . "
ninth , 文教 enhance the quality of exchanges in the 21 st century , and intelligence and talent is the largest resources , and is the key factors in the development of the country .
third , in the wake of the social and economic development and improving the people 's living conditions , the development of the insurance industry far from meeting the needs of diversification in the insurance status quo .
sovereignty is the fundamental prerequisite for the realization of a state of human rights , and abide by the principle of sovereignty equality and non - interference in each other 's internal affairs , is to ensure the healthy development of the important cornerstone of international human rights cause .
there is no way out for retrogression .
this reporter 求教 a political 评论家 , the 评论家 said : " a clear understanding of the nature of the moment , the large - scale no need to 一般见识 . "
警员 general rule of high - level also stepped up all 巡逻 by the police organizations as targets of terrorist organizations , apart from 巡逻 once every two time , we must take the situation report to the higher authorities .
therefore , annan has advocated " civilian community " and the united nations to link , we should also pay attention to and play the role of non - governmental international organization in handling international affairs , stressed that the role of the people of the civilian communities , and other non - state organizations .
why ? relatively familiar to the taiwan compatriots , said : it is impossible to really use force for the country .
when reviewing the past 20 years , made a very large - scale development of cross - strait relations , and this shows that our concept in china , under the premise of one china , many fields have the same , 易於 , but also the demand of the people and the promotion and have embarked of no return .
for a long period of taiwan 's trade mainly concentrated in the united states exported , and long - term trade surplus against the united states . therefore , the united states has deployed " 301 section 1 of the " to put pressure on taiwan , and forced a large 台币 its appreciation .
leading cadres to take the lead in practicing the " three represents " important thinking of the most important is to strengthen our ideals and convictions , and the common ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics and the realization of communism lofty goal , as conviction and pursuit of life unchanged .
the results showed that , by tung chee - hwa 's popularity 五十九点一 march , at 52.9 跌至 was eager , sharp drop as high as an unprecedented first quarter , the lowest in since he assumed office for him .
if we deviate from this 大节 , while avoiding our weaknesses 细枝末节 in the past expand the space for survival , the result that is just like before 南辕北辙 , the opposite .
dai xianglong , governor of the people 's bank of china , and liu mingkang , chairman of the china securities regulatory commission , and china insurance 马永伟 chairman of the main theme successively made a speech .
however , since 1992 二十九 the deployment of the state ministries and commissions of the cpc central committee and the support of 22 provinces , municipalities , and the three gorges reservoir region , the reservoir region have the inflow and provide counterpart support the large amount of funds every year .
russia launched offensive nuclear disarmament has suddenly 措手不及 the united states , the plight of isolation , the nmd program for also become the " 众矢之的 " and " public wrath . "
this is a natural world , and general laws of the world .
the focus of the non - tariff barriers have aroused trade disputes in the past , in particular , the aspect of animal and plant quarantine .
all these erroneous ideological trends , nonproletarian ideas and influence cannot 小看 .
as long as the continue to conscientiously implement the central authorities ' policy decisions and arrangements in all aspects of the national economy will be able to maintain the good momentum of development .
this is a piece of red army regiment .
( hong kong , june 8 wire ) - - news from taipei : the kmt 大老 , taiwan 's strait exchange foundation and honorary chairman of the sun yun - hsuan , a few days ago , in heilongjiang province to attend the 80 th anniversary celebrations held by harbin university , after which will also where he had studied .
it was harbin university 一九二零年 , once served as chairman of the 该校 张学良 .
along with economic development , and the enhancement of the people 's living conditions , the demand for the use of electricity will continue to increase .
the two sides in the past is satisfied with a period of cooperation in various fields between the two countries , and said that will promote the development of the strategic cooperative partnership between the two countries in the new century .
in addition , she said that in answering a reporter 's relevant question , china has sri lanka 遇害 minister of information industry is shocking .
to implement the central military commission , the army with science and technology , the strategic principle of science and technology training , enhance the naval air force 's long - distance combat capability , the party committees 海航 the implementation of the air refueling training in a certain unit of the organization .
the province will build a number of people air defense key , backbone projects , so as to double the total volume of civil air defense engineering .
it is necessary to earnestly strengthen the existing water resources management , give prominence to key points and rationally control , the use of science .
li hongzhi to control in the spirit of " falungong " practitioners and 顾惜 their health and life , and fully shows that the " falungong " destroys people 's health and pays no evil nature of life .
he reiterated that the south and the parliaments of the strait uphold the one - china principle and spoke highly of the chinese government 's principled stand on resolving the taiwan issue and policies .
although the two sides of the strait have not yet been reunified , china 's territory and sovereignty are not divided , and it is only one china .
li peng gave a briefing on the situation of china 's reform and opening up and economic construction , stressed that an important experience of building socialism with chinese characteristics , it is necessary to correctly handle the reform , development , and stability .
they are 好儿女 of the chinese people , is the pride of the chinese media , we should turn grief into strength , and make a good job in our motherland . "
a year ago , the us - led nato launched the kosovo war , us to a look at today , there are more profound enlightenment .
the us western allies of the anti - missile plan to the united states is not a single expressed support for the contrary , they openly speech or will develop and deploy the system of the consultations with the united states in one after another expressed serious concern .
ladies and gentlemen : in the wake of the arrival of the new century , china will enter a new development stage a well - off life and to stride forward to basically achieve modernization construction .
it was reported that kim chong - il said , the summit " created a very good precedent .
but technological progress has become the main driving force for the enhancement of productivity .
syria economic foundation is weak , the lack of natural resources .
after 陕北 arrived at the main force in march of the party central committee and the one hand , the red army , he resolutely support the correct leadership of comrade mao zedong , and consciously safeguard the authority of the party central committee , the implementation of 模范地 aspects of our party has decided to strengthen the unity within red army has done a great deal of work .
in late may , the book of lee teng - hui 's " taiwan propositions " published , advocating " seven - state theory . "
are , 昆仑山 , 阿尔泰山 is an important source of water .
尔后 , science and technology as asia countless facts have proven that this an irrefutable truth .
this is an easy for not so distant future , what should be prepared to the extent of the end ?
wen jiabao pointed out that flood has been a serious hidden problems affecting china 's economic and social development and the people 's livelihood , and the impact of drought on agricultural production is particularly prominent .
editor 's note : importance to ideological and political construction is our party and the army 's unique advantage .
one of the development of sino - slovak relations is the focus of slovak foreign policy .
we affirm and expressed appreciation for this .
although accounts for only a small number of corrupt elements within the party , but they have seriously tarnished the image of the party and government among the masses , and affected the party and government and the masses relations , as well as the overall situation of reform , development , and stability .
in a few days ago has made all - round arrangements within the scope of the state administration of industry and commerce , concentrated and unified action , severely crack down on 传销 传销 and covert activities .
with the 58 people by smuggling case occurred in britain for example , because of the legal loopholes , who smuggled into britain situation is proving more and more serious .
林默 revamped 木排 sea - crossing refugees to settle down in penghu , " making a living .
for instance , an enterprise is to pursue products exported , or exporting information capital is the key lies in the interests of the enterprises themselves , if enterprises operating in our country and we are not necessarily want 那麽它 " going out , " and " going out " is the interests of the choice , not to " go out " and " going out . "
experts believe that china needs to anti - monopoly law is 大多数人 , including the consensus of the government .
at the same time , china opposes officials from any countries and regions under any pretext and the meeting at the invitation of the dalai lama , so as to provide for them .
it has been learned that this exercise is part of this year will be a series of military exercise held in the pacific in the united states .
there are many military education and 国民教育 the same . "
( 5 ) the major asset transfer and selling situation .
保加利亚 科斯托夫 warm welcome to premier zhu rongji 's visit .
development is the last word , the key to solving all problems in china to rely on its own development .
during the cold war , the two major camp the east and the formation of the world pattern .
if we can become the realization of his trip to the north korean peninsula 's peace , exchanges and cooperation between the north , as well as the first spots for achieving the motherland 's reunification , and he felt gratified 无比 .
after the cold war , although the situation in the world as a whole tending to be eased , but the upgrading of wars and regional conflicts continue .
what is sold in the end up the deployment of this ?
the " opinions " pointed out that the armed forces to participate in and support the development of the western region is a long - term strategic mission .
from the perspective of the entire history of the party , 几条 experience in this merits attention to the : whether or not have advanced nature of a political party , it is first necessary to see its program and its members .
fulfill these tasks , is inseparable from development and progress of science .
a person in beijing political circles believe that , due to the united states 袒护 chen shui - bian , sino - us relations in the it is thus clear that there will not be greater breakthroughs in the future , china will in the political , economic , diplomatic , military preparations for doing a good job in coping with the worsening of the situation .
money imported " diplomacy " is not solid .
a short space of three months , there are more than 30 in the blast 江门 killed , and are shocking makes people sad .
at the same time , china , tajikistan and kyrgyzstan 交界 point for the signing of the heads of state of the three countries to make joint efforts of the three countries border agreements .
there is great potential for economic cooperation between china and tajikistan .
this year marks the 30 th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the two countries . at this critical moment , chinese state council premier zhu rongji ( xinhua ) - - on the basis will on 5 june to begin his official visit to italy .
the small cities and towns is a product of the economic and social development , and do a good job in the construction of small cities and towns is also conducive to economic and social development .
according to the people of our party and our people .
卡里莫夫 said he often recalled his meeting with president jiang zemin during his visit to china last year .
so long as they recognize the one china , and we welcome .
of course , what did not breed .
on the morning of 6 april , president jiang zemin , accompanied by president 尼亚佐夫 presented a wreath on the monument to the hero 卫国 war , together with him at the gate of a neutral .
this is a brutal us - led nato 罪证 act , before the people in the world has fully exposed the nature of their hegemony .
some leaders and members of the six countries had his visit to china in recent years , they spoke highly of china 's political stability and economic development , and the situation of national unity , and we hope that further expand exchanges and visits , and let more people understand china .
the state council departments witnessed a turn for the management of the budget and administering has been raised to a higher level .
it is necessary to straighten out the total revenues and expenditures of budget units , rational formulated 定员 various departments and the standard of 定额 of funds , and draw up the budget and budget execution of the provide basis , and lay a good foundation for reforming the budget compiling process .
we are rich in natural and human resources , we can a good job in their own country .
however , we must recognize the return and " one country , two systems " is a new things , and there is no precedent working hard , it is impossible to a shining 蹴 , and not taking a 弯路 not pay a " school fees " is impossible .
at present , the united states , however , throw 全然 the progress made in the international disarmament and arms control , and insist on the deployment of the development of missile defense system , and the revision of the " abm treaty , this will enable the danger of reversing in the process of international disarmament and arms control .
strengthening the building of spiritual civilization in the new situation , we must do a good job of this important link in communities . through carry out the activities of building civilized communities , so that all the grass - roots organizations in the building of spiritual civilization .
therefore , when we must pay attention to strengthening on the revision of judges and procurators supervision , and set up internal restraint effective mechanism for corruption .
premier zhu rongji and his party are 傍晚 the 9 th in arrived here after successfully completed an official visit to italy to 比利时 and in the eu headquarters on an official visit here .
the ministry of science and technology minister zhu lilan , chaired the forum .
it has been learned that several 军火商 the united states will arms to share the $ 600亿 business .
he stressed that various localities and departments , the principal responsible persons of the we should personally assumed leadership , personally deployment , and successfully organize inspection work should be responsible for the region and trades in charge of examination results in charge of leadership .
for the use of those 童工 , it is necessary to carry out severe punishment , especially the caused casualties of children of enterprises , units , and number , we must be either severely punished in accordance with law .
however , clearly will be a " representative " expansion as the three " faithfully represents , " and the three " faithfully represents " put forward hua wen hua ] , this not only the first time in the course of our party 's historical edited and is also the first time in the history of the marxist theory on party building .
the main theme of this stage of history , how is resolved by the transformation of 新民主主义 two issues of socialism and what kind of building socialism .
analyze the history . can we have more " three represents " put forward importance .
the development of tibetan culture is a hard fact 藏学 - - the china research center , experts and scholars 赵川东 beautiful 访谈录 ] 多彩 chinese and tibetan national culture , and has long aroused widespread concern home 藏学 at home and abroad and in - depth study .
表示出 both countries and the european union to visit the strong desire to further expand economic and trade and financial cooperation with china .
- - to enhance their mutual understanding , expanding consensus .
to industrialists on china 's economy and answering a question , within a warm applause from the 响起 continuously .
one of the development of sino - eu relations is the focus of china 's foreign policy .
xu kuangdi also briefed the guests on shanghai 's economic and social development in the near future the united states .
it is necessary to make abide by the wto rules and gradually open its market for china to wto accession commitments .
these good experiences for us to open up new realm of cadres and personnel system reform and open up a new situation , and achieve new breakthroughs have laid a solid foundation .
at the same time , in the international community , the " falungong " attempted to 仰仗 of the western hostile forces ' attempt to pressure on china also met with a heavy blow .
also gradually raise the quality of bilateral trade cooperation , the two countries have already in energy , microelectronic , communication , launched some large cooperation projects 商品流通 and other fields .
in the outbreak of a small number of 球迷 to make trouble , it is necessary to resolutely installment according to law , and quickly stopped .
after the end of the cold war , russia 只顾 the development of relations with the rok and the dprk - russia relations 谷底 跌落 , together with the deterioration of russia 's economy , to aid the dprk , russia 's influence is declining .
the three - month begin in april 2000 launched the second special campaign against smuggling now in fujian .
the direct battlefield in the gulf war , iraq , kosovo region , but it has impacted by the war spread to of the arab region , and suffering from war people of all the region .
russia attaches great importance to the development of high - level relations with china , and strengthen cooperation in various fields , and he believed that the two sides have the ability to achieve greater development of the two countries ' economic and trade relations .
zhu bangzao expressed the above remarks in response to a they have done a relevant question .
time was initiative . " now all troops rapidly report . "
at the end of june , 8 percent of the seven by the reserve funds for 超额 solely state - owned commercial banks , 19 percent of the reserve funds for other 超额 commercial banks by 1 percent of the strait , maintain a high pay .
七月一日 , open 谢长廷 to taiwan media that " taiwan and the mainland is still did not change the same as the foundation of the national territory " and " the relations between xiamen and kaohsiung should be are one of the state . "
he planned to to 七月十八日 to 20 's visit .
if the dprk with other countries is willing to the rocket 推进器 , the dprk and even is willing to carry out study of peace in the universe full use of foreign technology .
from a turn for the better , and is the result of medical treatment .
六月二十七日 , 谢长廷 once again it is necessary to his visit to taiwan media show the wishes of the xiamen .
attending the meeting were relevant departments of the state council and the western region , 12 provinces ( districts , cities ) in charge of communications and responsible comrades of the work and various provinces ( districts , cities ) communications department ( bureau ) .
tang jiaxuan said : china and india as the world 's two largest developing country , there is not only the same as that between our historical experiences , they are both shoulder the common tasks of developing the economy and raising the people 's living standards .
however , when the public security to the underground 赌场 , 人去楼空 long ago .
骗子 also cannot but 说谎 , when 一本正经 骗子 弥天大谎 撒 manner , well - intentioned people have always been confused housing .
through the efforts of two years , has made important progress in their work , and the improvement of more than half a big loss - making state - owned enterprises out of industry .
" it is necessary to 悬崖勒马 ! "
in the development of cross - strait relations under the one - china principle is the urgent wish of all the chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , and is also an irreversible historical trend .
葛连成 said , china 's anti - smuggling result of the tremendous achievements made in the party central committee and the state council the policy of reform and severely cracking down on smuggling .
the chinese side for its 白方 in taiwan , human rights issue of giving its consistent valuable support .
marx pointed out : " the thinking of nothing but the material relations status of the rule of the ruling position in the " .
the united states to fight a war is high - tech modern war , it is necessary to have powerful economic strength as a guarantee .
jiang zemin said : not long ago , the united states , palestine and israel three side did not reach an agreement on the camp david talks on final status of palestine , we feel regret .
( new york , on 29 july ) - - the us permanent representative to the united nations holbrooke said that president clinton and the talks , president jiang zemin is one of the most important agendas of the summit between leaders of the president , attended the united nations in early september 禧 for thousands of years .
in february this year , russia , the dprk and the two sides officially signed in pyongyang " the dprk - russian treaty on friendly and good - neighborly cooperation , to replace signed in 1961 , the abolition of the " dprk - russian treaty of friendship and cooperation and mutual assistance in 1995 .
we highly of the group of 里约 by play a positive role in regional and international affairs .
we must always use the " three represents " thinking , enhance understanding , and resolutely resist the corroding the various erroneous ideological trends and firmly safeguard the party 's absolute leadership over the army , to be faithful to the party and the people to be faithful , to be faithful in the country and to be faithful socialism .
" it is difficult to the people and painting , that can be easily be made that will painting . "
second half of the 20 th century , with it difficult to predict the economic globalization and unprecedented speed rapid , and economic exchanges and dependence between countries has become more and more important .
economic globalization are as follows : trade liberalization , the integration of production and financial internationalization .
from their strategic analysis , the so - called " decisive outside the country " is trying to the battlefield in the election of the west , the main island of taiwan to a middle of the strait , even to the mainland on the mainland .
what was elected president chen shui - bian proposed the " one - china topic - state theory " and then in his inaugural speech , proposed a so - called " one china in the future statement " was published the " 1992 spirit " .
renmin ribao internet version pushed finance , and 文娱 , and healthy , viewpoints , and other 频道 .
he stressed : the issue of one china principle , we will not yield .
not long ago , we conducted a week visit to the united states , the reserving differences .
in addition , a certain and consortiums of the taiwan crisis , have affected the confidence of investors .
when openly declared in chen shui - bian 's inauguration on 20 may , " not abolish guidelines and the issue of national unification . "
first , this is the eve of the un millennium summit in new york , the un general assembly hall of the performances . the second is the first to - - chinese literature and art troupes to 圣路易斯 , the mainland , the united states 纳波利斯 modernize their performance medium - sized and small cities .
jiang zemin said : although 萨 china are far apart , social systems and level of not the same as that , based on cultural traditions , however , with the developing countries in the asia - pacific region , shoulder to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity , economic development , and the tasks for raising the people 's living standards .
he said : the current tax collection and management law has entrusted by means of law - enforcement in taxation organs .
the two countries have made close cooperation in international and regional affairs .
in the course of inspecting we must pay attention to summing up experience in various parts of the various departments of the enforcement of criminal procedure law , discover good examples .
in some localities , the pleasure in order to a small number of people , launching a war , and occupation of other countries , and the wealth of seizing others , with the masses , 生灵涂炭 and boundless brought intense sufferings to the side of the people .
second , the conspicuous problems are seriously affect social stability and security in the thorough investigation of schedule , timely and proper handling of contradictions among the disputes , and prevent the conflict .
qian qichen personnel and property losses caused great concern to taiwan has occurred recently typhoons attack on 遇难 and his condolences 受灾 compatriots and the cordial solicitude .
the specific measures for the management of patent the acting party organizations by the state council regulations . "
prior to the visit , the right to an ; after the visit is in the hearts of the taiwan , 20 hours have reduced 甘愿 .
in view of the people in religious circles in the united states put forward some reports claimed that the rumor the arrest of the chinese christian , 牧师 曹圣洁 vice chairman of the chinese christian association said : she know the number of cases mentioned in the report 's specific conditions , we can affirm a little , however , no one will in china were arrested because of religious belief .
the meeting discussed and approved the state council 500亿 於增发 barrier billion yuan of long - term construction treasury bonds to increase investment in fixed assets and the central budget for 2000 .
it is necessary to keeping in close touch with leading members , improve work style , and in - depth teaching , the forefront of scientific research , and solve practical problems , at a school 教职工 into play an important role in the course of reform and development .
zhang quanjing said : comrade jiang zemin pointed out that the secretaries of the colleges and universities , should strive to become the president of the socialist politicians , 教育家 .
these words 43万 小说 , published in 1997 , a total of issuing a 10 - odd copies , a great impact .
this is because 影片 close to the reality of life , 直面 of social contradictions in the right and responsibility , training , and interest and the situation and the image of a figure who 有血有肉 塑造 conflicts 剧烈 law , to 思想性 and 艺术性 , shocked the reunification of the organic power and influential power .
in response to the government 's crackdown on china 's religious circles " falungong " what kind of attitude of holding the question , body 圣 master hong yi said : " falungong " has caused the death of more than 1600 , and there is no different from the harm of drug - related to people .
the " people 's network 面世 worth 庆贺 " this morning on 23 august , the people ribao director bai keming , and 许中田 by deputy editor - in - chief editor - in and 吴恒权 accompanied by director of the internet center to the scene watched the " people 's network " 展位 congratulated the " people 's network " public appearance of the first time .
on 4 january , the dprk and the establishment of diplomatic relations with italy , thereby italy to become another austria and denmark , 芬兰 , portugal and the swedish after the sixth and realizing the normalization of relations between the eu countries , formally established diplomatic relations with the dprk is also the first seven major the industrialized nations of the west country .
the " ? ? we hope " the article : in treating history of aggression two great disparity 8月28日 beijing - - the " sponsored by xinhua ? ? we hope on the 第35 published at today 's news weekly " , the 唐天日 published a signed article , is entitled the " two great disparity in treating history of aggression . "
the meeting with the guidance of deng xiaoping theory , comprehensively analyzed the development trend of 老龄化 china 's population , sum up and exchanged experiences in the work of elderly , and further defined the guiding ideology of the work of elderly , guidelines , principles , and work targets , we will make arrangements for doing a good job in work for the elderly .
luo gan stressed that all localities and relevant departments should conscientiously study and carry out thorough investigation of schedule contradictions and disputes 调处 in the form of work methods , and constantly sum up experience , and suit measures to local conditions , by stressing practical results , so that this work can be long - term , effectively conduct .
the chinese government will continue to maintain friendly policy with japan .
according to reflect the villagers , for 周银荃 支书 village , director of the 治保 屋 building , and other issues , and village of such village cadres had conflicts , 贴 village cadres in the effort " 大字报 , " and the public security organs arrested .
he has visited china many times , for a long time , nongovernmental friendly contacts between the two countries has been working for the ice , especially in cultural exchanges and cooperation in all fields .
this is a problem worry about by the broad masses of developing countries .
he personally visited the two ordinary family , and see that the happiness of their life , 愉快 , tranquil , but also enjoy government for providing social security , this left a deep impression for him .
he said that the needs of socialist countries to vigorously develop the productive forces , and only peaceful with other countries , this way can we ensure reach this objective .
during his visit to cuba foreign minister jovanovic august , he also signed a bilateral protecting and promoting investment with cuban foreign minister and economic cooperation agreement between the two sides conducted talks on behalf of the business circles there would be the development of bilateral trade exchanges .
tried to the national splittist elements 呐喊助威 and expand the " international living space " to obstruct the reunification of china , in an attempt to separate in a split china 's forever .
therefore , by 2015 , $ 600亿 共需 three stages .
jiang chunyun stressed : comrade jiang zemin pointed out : " not to lay a sound foundation , 地动山摇 " shows that the extreme importance of doing a good job in the work of grass - roots foundation .
at present , the ninth chinese foreign trade in the world , the economy of scale is the seventh place in the world .
李秋芳 pointed out in his speech at the opening ceremony of the seminar , the big family of the chinese nation is a common ancestors and cultural traditions , our blood relationship and 情同手足 .
the international community to take immediate response to the dprk said : the extensive understanding , and the united states has not normal operations of proper criticism .
the court sentenced accused 贪污罪 by 王进 life imprisonment , deprived of political rights for life , and a fine of 200,000 yuan of 15 years of imprisonment 刘西荣 sentenced accused 贪污罪 , 100,000 yuan renminbi .
the three baltic states signed a joint defense agreement - - in 一九三四年九月十二日 conventions .
the tremendous changes in the practice of reform and opening up to the people in society , in terms of economic development and improving the living conditions , have a socialist bring practical benefits and benefits for themselves , have the superiority of a socialist system .
the local academies and universities in the training of qualified personnel for the future of our army and the major development of relations between in studying and practicing the " three represents " important ideological aspects , it is essential to have a higher standards and requirements .
swedish foreign minister 安娜 . 林德 reiterated that the eu will continue to uphold the one - china policy .
according to its own national conditions and wishes of the dprk hopes that the communist party of china and the chinese people to better 办得 china 's affairs .
tang jiaxuan said : this consensus is an important guiding significance for our work , we should earnestly .
li peng , chairman of the treasure the old friends , it can also make many new friends , we feel happy about it .
it was not until today , their reports to china is still full of prejudice and distorting or even slander .
without a stable social environment , it will be hard to implement the development of xinjiang .
beijing 军代局 the establishment of a regional cooperation , and work out a piece of 军品 developed , and the road of a benign cycle .
if the outbreak of war in the taiwan strait , which is blockaded , foreign trade and economic development and technology will seriously nation , and many industrial production of production departments will bankruptcies , the entire economy will be facing tremendous impacts .
the entire suggested that the 假释 behavior in a state of open in the process of examination and approval .
through their purpose is to delay and block the bill , which will undermine sino - us relations .
due to the ability to absorb employment is relatively lowered the township and town enterprises , re - employment pressure has grown in cities and towns , and other reasons , agricultural labor 困难重重 transferred to the non - farming industries , the continuous increase the employment pressure in rural areas .
this is why in the hearts of the chinese people will be some western missionaries linked with the imperialist aggression and 鸦片 businessmen .
these important expositions by chairman jiang , and provided scientific basis for strengthening the ideological and political education in the new situation and pointed out the correct direction .
this period 研究班 is jointly sponsored by the central organization department , and national defense commission .
the state council , director of the 侨办 郭东坡 , moftec minister shi guangsheng , wang mengkui , director of the state council development research center , was present at the meeting .
second , the us aircraft carriers the launch of cruise missiles in the coastal waters of china cannot achieve marked results .
the scale of their communications network , and mobile communications network , respectively second and third place in the world .
although there were 顺序 排列 the east and west one after another , however , the two take a position in the course of russian diplomacy almost the same important .
the current meeting the requirements of the units 陈明端 , popularize popularize advanced experiences in the practice of units with reality , and comprehensively strengthening the building of grass - roots party branches provincial military districts and units , promote their work in various fields .
this shows that china 's foreign trade and economic cooperation has gradually extricate the shadow of the asian financial crisis , who came into the orbit of high - speed growth .
some people air defense system in mind the needs of war preparedness : the civil air defense is a complicated systems engineering , and it is not only some 挖 " air - raid shelters , " but we must , through many work , and form a air defense system , the people air defense system is how to establish and develop the northeast region ?
the animal 覆盖率 警报 and the rate of 鸣响 the focus of the national civil air defense cities exceeded 100 percent , and gradually embarked on the building of the region 's air - defense communications 警报 more and more network supporting the road to develop .
the standing committee of the provincial party committee , 自查 of the law enforcement work report of the provincial under public security departments 俞国行 , director of the provincial public security department , made since 1998 .
in the end of this year , the ninth five - year plan , several dozen china on the goal of the people 's lives of urban and rural areas , it can be realized .
it is necessary to strengthen the contingent of political building of the press and vocational building , and work style building .
cadres , especially principal responsible comrades of the party and government at all levels , must seriously draw lessons from the cases of cheng kejie , adhere to democratic centralism and conduct criticism and self - criticism to treat the high plane of politics .
strictly enforce law and discipline and punishing corruption , we should take earnest steps to ensure the following points : first , it is necessary to resolutely .
washington 9月30日 ( xinhua ) - - the 30日 at the second chinese cultural festival in the united states began in the capital of washington .
participants also hope that the vatican will change its erroneous china policy , not to set up a new obstacle to the improvement of relations between 梵 china .
- - Capillas1607 1648 ) , all over the past 彼 嘉 全名 side economy , spain , 1641年 to china , in the taiwan after 传教 in fujian .
wang yingfan pointed out : the developed countries should further open its market to developing countries , the official development aid as soon as possible to reach the goal of 百分之零点七 percent of its gross national product , effectively solve the problem of debt developing countries .
the glory of the motherland , and fighting 健儿 奥运 , to have such a fine and daughters of the pride of the motherland !
in this way , from top to bottom , 一气 coordination , will it be possible to produce enormous strength , and ensure " strictly administer the officials out of administering results .
in the future , no confidence in what the government .
an irresistible the mainland factor of course , one can also considering from another angle .
the local many residents have also maintained that the " falungong " 行善 is a practice , this organization is purely a certain number of people in the tool of political struggle .
this that there are those who 脑 readiness " get rich . "
he stressed : this forum is an important event in the history of sino - african relations without the precedent , it is of great significance to promoting the development of sino - african relations in the new century .
facing the 21 st century will have a good prospects for the development of sino - japanese economic and trade cooperation .
algeria 's independence and construction have been china 's sincere help .
li peng said : china and the two countries are far apart geographically 多哥 , but feelings very close .
mao zedong , zhou enlai and deng xiaoping repeatedly stressed that the responsibility of the war in the hands of a handful of militarists elements and the people in japan , which is also victims of japanese people .
the ambassador said that during president jiang 's visit to japan in the end of 1998 , signed 33 cooperation between china and japan , and these projects , including the political , economic , trade , science and technology , 文教 , the issue of globalization and regional issues of a wide range of fields .
warship formation of the mighty manner .
he pointed out : at present , serious water shortage in the north and the party central committee and the state council was very interested in this regard .
we advocate " one country , two systems , and peaceful reunification " approach to achieve reunification , it is necessary to change the current system of taiwan and the people 's life .
" 十月十四日 tokyo ( reporter , 陶光雄 王晓晖 ) - - chinese premier zhu rongji received a japanese people in the television interview in tokyo today .
these achievements are rare , is inseparable from the people by the university 师生员工 of several generations have worked hard and 劳作 .
the proportion of its financial revenues from 13 october 1999 by 10 by 7 percent in 1995 to 9% the year 2000 is expected to exceed 5 percent of 14 year , the five years and has been basically 4 percentage points , and very gratifying results .
he said : china has a long history and splendid culture .
the " red army " two tanks on the list of " 突击队 " the gun smoke 弥漫 穿过 , a pincer attack against 钳形 to stubbornly resist the implementation of the enemy operations to the front of a solid foundation in firing between 行进 2000多 meters away from the enemy in a sudden , motors after 炸响 , the " enemy " 灰飞烟灭 地堡 .
china 's overall living standards reached the level of moderate prosperity of the people , and this is an amazing affairs .
third , it is rich in content , 形式多样 .
he said : china hopes that all these countries will proceeding from safeguarding overall situation of bilateral friendly and cooperative relations with china , and fully aware of the allow the seriousness of the sensitivity and the harm of lee teng - hui 's visit , conscientiously perform " one china " commitment .
( 2 ) vigorously promoting asia , europe , and constantly strengthen and expand cooperation .
since last year , continue to change the situation on the korean peninsula and the surrounding areas , and is conducive to the factor of the readjustment of relations between the countries concerned .
at the end of last year , then vice president of taiwan lien chan once said that if taiwan wants to the development of the long - range missiles .
according to plan , the total acreage of land 展馆 300,000 square meters , square meters of 二十万 建筑面积 , the project 首期 二零零三年 should be built and put into use .
next year the opening of mini three links , and devoid of vessels can surely 行驶 to the chinese side .
in the future high - tech war , and will no longer be a combat system and a number of weapons and equipment , instead of systems versus systems , system and the system .
our country is situated in a large - scale adjustment period of the industrial structure , duplicate construction , the industrial structure is irrational , and other issues , because of some mines of mines exhausted of resources , so that the issue of laid - off workers and staff members and become more prominent .
without a stable political and social environment , all be impossible , however good plan and program will have to .
all these have so that the united states has increased the urgency of easing relations with the dprk .
on the present and in mind the future , forge ahead , and strengthen to make overall planning and give different guidance of the large - scale development of the manner .
china 's marine satellite ground other departments at all levels in construction projects .
we should continue to step up and development of dprk - chinese friendship is in line with the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries , it is of great significance for safeguarding the asian and world peace and security .
beijing , 10月26日 ( 李佳路 member of the people 's daily ) - - the state council held a similar national televised conference today , the problem of illegal and criminal activities and rampant in view of the current production and selling fake and shoddy commodities , deployment , carry out the joint action on the counterfeiting practices .
they said that not only arouse their great interest in china , but they were all inspired and this is because china 's economic development is an important contribution to world economic development .
only through continuously carried out reform , we have to resolve the problems of judicial practice , can the establishment of the judicial system with chinese characteristics .
he said : for half a century , although many changes have taken place in the world , 但中芬 relations have maintained a smooth and stable development .
hu jintao fully affirmed to promote cross - strait economic and cultural cooperation between the two sides of the strait exchange activity of women and play an important role in enhancing mutual understanding and consensus reached by the people on both sides .
wu yi 贺词 by sent for the meeting said : the meeting , the chinese government departments and the united nations development program carried out a significant cooperation in the aspect of promoting the development of china 's modern flows and e - commerce .
lien chan [ lian zhan ] and put forward the fact that the 1992 consensus , chen shui - bian has accused " 部属 i told me that there is no matter of this .
wei jianxing also positively of the exchanges and cooperation between the parliaments of the sino - mongolian for china , and it is hoped that more fruitful exchanges between the two sides to continue efforts to promote the development of relations between the two countries .
amendment stipulates : " the state to encourage and guide returned overseas chinese , their relatives in accordance with the investment established industries , especially high - tech enterprises established , the people 's governments at all levels should give them support , and its by the laws to protect the legitimate rights and interests . "
chairman li peng 's visit to russia , pointed out that the sino - russian economic complementary to each other , and has huge potential , augment the material foundation for strategic cooperation partnership should , through the real economic and trade cooperation .
this kind of " 临门 step " , has finally 成连 於促 chen shui - bian himself is the result of 抱希望 .
but also are based on the republicans enterprises also 亟盼 the new government will be able to maintain friendly relations with the cpc regime , so as to promote bilateral trade and investment activities ; thus , 布希 on the cpc will inevitably should be discreet in word and deed , supporters in order to avoid the business circles 激怒 .
the world needs of the overall nature of the development of various countries to strengthen mutual dialogue and contacts , and to enhance mutual understanding and understanding .
the development of science and technology not only involve natural science and engineering technology , including the fields of social sciences .
the speech ended , many long did not realize , is still 回味 a relevant the speech , li ruihuan " unity and stability , development , and prosperity of the " brilliant expositions .
林和立 feel that only under the pretext of the so - called diversification , but also do not hope to keep up in 报馆 time in office of the political , therefore , to resign .
the npc internal and judicial affairs committee vice chairman of the 顾金池 hope that the actual conditions of deputies in line with the local law enforcement , and further implement the good way the villagers ' committees .
he said : 芬 in the past 50 years since the establishment of diplomatic relations , the constant development of relations between the two countries .
in the global because of the disintegration of the soviet union and drastic declared that after the end of the cold war , there is no basis of the cold war pattern in the loss of asia .
strengthening sino - old long - term good - neighborly , friendly , and conforms to the fundamental interests of the people of our two countries .
it is necessary to adopt the form of aiding the resettlement of resettlement , it is necessary to pay attention to the long - term plan for the building of its future development .
( 2 ) in 天线 , 馈线 , the transmission lines and tajikistan 桅 ( 杆 ) , around 拉线 烧荒 carried out within the scope of 500 meters .
chi haotian first conveyed chairman li peng for the 布马扎 sincere regards and good wishes , and asked 布马扎 to convey his cordial regards and good wishes to president jiang zemin 布特弗利卡 algerian president .
bush and gore 's proposal on the night that is , rejected on television .
qiu shaohua indicated that the first three quarters of consumption growth reaching 百分之九点九 , how many also increase the wages of retired , as well as some support line with the government standard on the extension of the holidays and promoting the reform of housing .
the chinese side is willing to , as always , and 文莱 maintained good coordination and cooperation .
一九二二年 " 孙逸仙 declaration said : " china is a unified country . this is therefore , this historical awareness in china and india have a firm manner , and it was precisely this kind of awareness can we can a country and was kept silence . "
it is necessary to proceed from the realization of the " three represents " requirements for entering the new century will face the challenge of making ideological , political , organizational preparations the high plane of strategy , fully understand the do a good job in colleges and universities " three stresses " education on the importance , doing a good job in every stage of work , and continually enhance the ideological understanding and take earnest steps to prevent and overcome the feelings of the 松劲 厌烦 .
financial assets management companies installment assets management measures formulated by the ministry of finance .
kuwait is a big oil production , china is willing to the establishment of a long - term friendly relations of cooperation in the field of petroleum and kosovo , further expand bilateral economic and trade , and other fields of cooperation , and explore new ways to broaden cooperation .
second , strengthen the building of water conservation facilities , and water - saving technology .
it is necessary to organize the masses lose no time in the region of project destroyed by rush repair by floods and repairing 淹 by farmland , and do a good job of some reservoirs with the work of flood .
the leaders of asean countries response to premier zhu rongji 's speech and approve premier zhu rongji made a positive assessment of the china - asean relations , to the development of relations between the two sides are satisfied with the progress made in the past year , and suggestions put forward a series of cooperation to premier zhu rongji and asean countries are inspired and welcomes and heartfelt thanks for this .
the so - called " each side has its own three " is a multi - party group said :
the defense department and chief of high - level officials 本部 disclosed that , even several all HF bring new imported RF-5000 radio the interference of 於被 were not spared .
first , they will not made allies , the relations between the republican party and the sino - us economic relations and other fields have developed to such extent , this is also detrimental to the united states .
she pointed out that 阿齐兹 expressed the hope that china will continue to play an important role of the iraqi issue to be fair and rational solution .
the association for relations across the will of the straits exchange foundation for the verbal expression attaching to the letter , as the consensus of the contents of the two accept the two sides .
the whole party should conscientiously sum up and deepening the understanding of the law on economic work , under the conditions in the development of the socialist market economy and opening up wider to the outside world , and continually enhance the ability of the leadership of the overall level of economic work and control the economy .
tang jiaxuan also conveyed president jiang on 科什图尼察 at the invitation of a convenient time to pay a formal visit to china next year .
this 职业化 the managerial personnel , have inherent driving force and inferior enterprises from the market as the conscious sign the responsibility of safeguarding the interests of the company capital and achieve his all .
first , it is necessary to a need to enhance the quality of the vast numbers of rural grassroots cadres .
at present , what should be done ? in the future , we ? " and regard the study of harvest expression to the work of rectification and reform .
they made a big increase in great interest .
help peasants solve actual difficulties in production and operation , and do a good job of 干不了 households , as a matter of 干不好 , and create conditions for peasants to develop the economy .
he said : china and the two countries 亚美尼亚 support each other in international organizations , coordination , and maintained good relations of cooperation .
jiang zemin stressed : in the new century , it is necessary to adhere to the development of our party led the most extensive patriotic united front and unity of all sons and daughters of the joint efforts , and realizing the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation , there is still succeed .
in the outfits , food , housing , transportation , and 文教 and entertainment , consumption expenditure , food , there is a outfits the growth of expenditures 平缓 growth , and transportation , telecommunications , and living conditions , 文教 and entertainment consumption , and rapid growth , gradually become the residents ' consumption hot spots .
in the afternoon of 6 april , the court 上诉 巡回 article 11 . the federation 亚特兰大 has rejected the republican party has put forth should not recognize the 计票 artificially 佛州 上诉 .
today , the chinese people , including the chinese writers , enjoy the rights and freedom of various laws , including the freedom of speech and freedom of creative works .
he states that this year the import and export volume of $ 四千五百亿 kick , it is estimated that growth rate has reached exceeds 25 percent .
beijing sources , beijing recently convened an enlarged meeting of the central military commission , the closing session yesterday .
it is a profound lessons to be brought to the people of the asian financial crisis , the small banks , the more difficult to resist 狂风恶浪 .
the first anniversary of macao 's return , the central government firmly implement the " one country , two systems " policy and support the macao sar government administration according to law .
li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , li lanqing and other central leading comrades have also repeatedly went to his inspection tour in all parts of the urban community building work .
various experimental districts have actively explore , many good experiences 总结出 .
the 10 th five - year plan china will launch more than 30 satellites , including 通信卫星 , navigation satellite , meteorological satellites , resource remote sensing satellites and space exploration satellites , and other 15 .
seven months later , to the dprk , and the number of my 120 , it is my 50 , the us air force was launched the first test of the world 号称 , and created a shocking figure 战绩 .
fifth , strengthen at the participation and increase the intensity of macroeconomic safeguard .
in particular , the reached an agreement on railroad 京义 重修 , and will enable the economic great connected to the north and south forth enormous vitality to the development of economic cooperation between the north and south , and the building of the " asian mainland bridge , " have important significance .
the voters were concerned about the more domestic policies on their immediate interests of the united states , such as the tax revenue , | social welfare , to take care of medical care , education , hence , whether bush or gore has 花费 in the turn of the policies and expounded his ~ in the campaign to push the energy policy toward china .
of course , what specific policies will be adopted to president 於布什 at present , there is still under difficult to 断语 , because each of the foreign policy on the beginning of a session of the new government came to power will be on the united states again examination .
it is reported that after the centralized military and political and military orders of the state council matter of operational procedures for military personnel , 本部 personnel 次长 - chief of staff 呈报 of all branches - defense department of manpower - defense minister .
this fully shows not only can manage macao people of macao , but can management better than before .
however , in the wake of the lee yuan - tseh pao [ zhongyang in the first meeting of the cross - party group , delivered 九月二日 , the proposal put forth return to the 1992 consensus , he suggested that attracted attention on the mainland .
the economic growth rate of developed countries to four 50.2 percent , the developing countries economic growth rate for the five - year on 6 and the european 5 percent economic growth rate in march , the asian economic growth rate for 6 . the seven , the african economy to march 4 percent , and latin america and 加勒比地区 economic growth rate in order to 4 percent .
下午3时P.M.10分 , the chief executive edmund ho hau wah in the macao sar government , accompanied by president jiang zemin and his entourage went to the middle school 濠江 .
丘芷慧 one by one , delivered a reply , and naive : " after your also 来不来 macao ?
beijing , 十二月二十日 ( 李佳路 xinhua ) - - the state council vice premier wu bangguo today in the mine safety supervision work conference on the whole country in the instructions on the following requirements : strengthening safety supervision and intensify law enforcement , and guard against major and exceptionally serious 责任事故 .
must be aware of the vast numbers of residents .
the authorities also particularly pointed out that hong kong 's " new meaning of the security " and " 十四K " and taiwan 's " 四海 and educating " and " the first quarter of this help to bamboo groves , " and other organizations is one of the key points of the police crack down on the mainland .
such as zhejiang 黑帮 headed by 张畏 by 温岭市 , it will be 六十七 of the cpc officials , including 杨卫中 周建国 former 温岭市 public security bureau director of the former mayor of 温岭市 " help . "
fujian to crack down on 黑帮 hong kong and macao in guangdong and shanghai to crack down on 黑帮 taiwan .
the participants said : we should profoundly study and implement the spirit of the meeting , the light of its own characteristics , and give full play to advantages for building socialism with chinese characteristics in economic , political , cultural , and to safeguard the political situation of stability and unity , and to realize the complete reunification of the motherland , and for safeguarding world peace and promoting common development .
( news today ) the draft amendment to the marriage law of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee li peng chaired the meeting held article 19 be submitted for review beijing , 22 december again - - such as environmental impact on the assessment of the law , the first five draft laws , including 教育法 national defense be submitted to the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee today held a meeting to examine article 19 .
according to the opinions on the draft law committee increase the content of this aspect .
in los angeles , those of the parliament seats in the struggle for the state has four chinese people .
the chinese people for the participation in government and the asian people will on an equal footing , and several thousand as well as the meaning of the election , to enhance the awareness of the chinese people 's participation in government as well as an 灭 " falungong .
the new development in hegemonism and power politics still exist . he is , in particular , instances of serious threat on the basis of the nation 's peaceful reunification , china must strengthen the ability of using military means to safeguard china 's sovereignty and security .
in keeping with the open content of open time .
adherence to the main theme will remain unchanged , contents , persevere , 抓出 results , consolidate and enhance , extending , radiation , so as to produce in 求新 , pragmatic , and progress .
however , the kmt is a leap in three century , we have the struggle between different ideologies in the face of the party .
while the united states in the current stage to prevent and avoid the principle of cross - strait war is : the taiwan independence , the cpc will not use force , the two sides to seek a peaceful solution .
the 20 th century specific conditions of the times and china 's special 天才 the great historical conditions for giving birth to mao zedong in this way .
珠 the staff of the century , the management of chaos caused ' advantages " have much to all that the leaders at all levels .
it has been learned that , the ministry of science and technology will funds to support the implementation of the international science and technology cooperation plan .
in the wake of the population growth , and rapid economic and social development , and grain , oil , and other strategic resource shortage will pose a serious threat to china 's future sustainable development .
we should actively explore with industrial foundation of sino - foreign joint ventures , the pattern of risk investment funds to introduce foreign capital .
on the import foreign advanced technology and equipment advantageous industries and foreign exchange earning from exports projects in the western region , and give them support commercial loans indicators of the arrangements of the state in foreign countries .
the relevant central departments , and the eastern region colleges and scientific research institutions , it is necessary to strengthen services of providing intelligence to the western region and personnel support .
in his speech on the work of party building in particular , organizational work next year , put forward explicit requirements .
asked once please director of the policy of the relevant policies in science and technology , education and qualified personnel in the large - scale development of the western region .
according to statistics , last year 二千余万 捐款 taiwan compatriots , 受灾 for the entire province , totaling billion yuan , and fully reflects the 深情厚谊 the 於水 浓 bloody between the people with taiwan .
they believe that china is in power , in the development of the department to not only will become an economic power . but will become a military power .
at present , under the approval of the state council has nine development zones to the national level development zones .
in the wake of the implementation of these ecological construction project , and expressed the belief that the " building another beautiful the western region , " we will definitely be able to achieve the goal .
in fact , china 's 彩电 market has been in a buyer 's market , and the ability of 年产 彩电 as high as 40 million to taiwan , and market demand still 2000万 for taiwan , has become inevitable fall in prices .
in the long - term struggle 坚苦卓绝 , integrated with the reality of china 's revolution and construction of the chinese communists to marxism , mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory .
shandong has according to relevant procedures , 刘成文 secretary of the county party committee 阳信 removed , 王力 head , 王天河 , director of the county public security bureau from his post , and to continue the investigation in accordance with law .
( 8 ) observing the economy : china will reform interest rates when conditions are ripe of whether or not ? " 十二月三十一日 beijing - - the " economic observation : when conditions are ripe on whether china will reform interest rates ? 邓梅芳 staying of july or august this year , the voice of the marketization of interest rates have broken out one after another , arousing 九月二十二日 大额 foreign currency interest rates , the more that our spirits relevant sources .
this is the money house subsidies and has been replaced by and let the people on the purchase of 屋 . in addition , with the mainland is scheduled to lift restrictions on the housing problem in the do away with the beginning of the new year for foreign - funded enterprises , the greatest investment business opportunities .
ideological and political construction 累累 硕果 , science and technology in troop training , steadily promote logistics reform , marked improvement of weapons and equipment , and constantly improve the overall combat effectiveness of the people 's armed forces are 高歌猛进 on the victorious in the cross - century development .
it is necessary to continue to improve and strengthen the management of the state bond projects in order to avoid duplicate construction and blindly construction , and resolutely reduce waste , and ensure the quality of the projects , and ensure the use of treasury bonds to the expected results .
the greatest , it is a mistake , and all kinds of setbacks will take place .
all parties concerned 原先 推测 defense minister of personnel , did not include had 伦斯 , and the sudden 华盛 by once said that , had 伦斯 may become the cia .
in the wake of the soviet union 's disintegration , and the emergence of a new pattern of only by more than strong international political arena .
the kmt high - level source said : " your the taiwan authorities even they do not recognize the one - china , and do not acknowledge that they are chinese , and also 谈什麽 " mini three links , " is indeed an absurd 岂有此理 . "
chinese diplomacy last year there be the most outstanding achievements made in the summary of the four aspects : first , the relations between china and various major country in the improvement and development of relative stability .
" the sun yafu , however , did not directly answer only reiterated the " three links is a country 's internal affairs , and it is necessary to the one china , direct two - way direct , conducted under the principle of reciprocity . "
shen guofang : we are in the united nations , which and developing countries ( the group of 77 ) , about in groups , the non - aligned movement , 非统 organizations have maintained close the mechanism of consultation , and we will be a chance to coordinate their stance on some major issues .
we should say that the overwhelming majority of weapons has been destruction , and therefore we think we should break down on its sanctions , at least is gradually eased manner .
有道是 " lifting a rock only to " 梯子 in the anti - china on the higher trusted them , following will be even more 惨 .
it is understood that 运营 investment in china 's nuclear power station , there are two , the nuclear building has four , " 10 th five - year plan " period will also can be a number of new nuclear power projects .
at the same time , opening up the international market , 中航第二 group also made efforts to open up domestic market and have achieved certain results .
sino - indian people should further strengthen cooperation in various fields between the two countries for their own development of the two countries , and make due contributions to world peace .
the development of the tourist industry is inseparable from the civil aviation , railroads , transportation , and other industries cooperation and coordination , cannot be separated from the planning , finance , powerful support the financial departments , and cannot be separated from commerce , and 餐饮 , and recreation supporting services , and other fields .
the fact that it is precisely the case .
to oppose the ' arafat not only come from 马斯 kazakhstan , and radical organization , he even arafat now under the leadership of the " 法塔赫 " internal also some people in the arab countries on the compromise dissatisfaction with it .
will continue to take the mass work of building the civilization of cities in - depth , and provide a powerful ideological guarantee for the capital city 's reform and opening up and modernization , and spiritual motive and intellectual support .
when he was opposed the united states in the course of the clinton administration was the joint chiefs of staff chairman powell in bosnia - herzegovina , held that the united states has to draw on troops abroad is too .
he said : 1986年 official since the establishment of a friendly relations of the communist party of china and syria rejuvenation of the party , high - level mutual visits , a growing number of friendly exchanges with each passing day , open up new channels for the comprehensive development of relations between the two countries , and added new contents .
阿赫马尔 thanked hu jintao briefing .
we have stressed good - neighborly and friendly with india .
the " one of the central plains non - issue , " means that is , in the past one china , and non - the one china .
in major scientific research task of test , success is the last word , we must ensure the success of the chinese .
when jiang zemin and other central leading comrades at the great hall of the east hall of the people , and attended the meeting 's deputies during the meeting , 响起 全场 a warm applause .
to counter the outstanding problems existing in the fields of agricultural science and technology , and make a decision on the reform of the structure of agricultural science and technology , and speed up the building and perfecting a new type of agricultural science and technology innovation system .
the establishment of diplomatic relations between 塞 in the past 30 years , under the care and nurtured by leaders of the two countries , through the joint efforts of the two sides , 塞 in the new development of friendly and cooperative relations unceasingly .
however , there are also some issues between the two countries , such as the us arms sales to taiwan , and study of the united states to deploy a national missile defense system ( nmd ) .
most as china , and space industry countries country to country 扼制 control of space , and utilization of space capability , will the development of the anti - satellite weapons , and other day war weapons .
however , due to the " enemy " 罩 anti - reconnaissance stealth outfits 队员 war in length , i 白茫茫 only on the battlefield television reconnaissance system screen .
after more than two years of hard work , some countries in the region 's economic have left out in the financial crisis hit , and gradually growth has resumed , it is a good direction of development .
the cpc central committee political bureau standing committee , li ruihuan , chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the tea party held .
some wto members in his speech , spoke highly of the important efforts made by the chinese delegation to push forward the process of talks .
third , when submitting applications interviewed by documents , i relevant departments of the press organizations where the requirements of the apply for only with this reporter that 简历 the reporters and gather news .
the main has adopted the method of 6 : first , suit for different people and do our job accordingly .
many people of insight in the united states has warned bush should prudently handle the taiwan issue , in particular , the issue of arms sales to taiwan in order to avoid the overall situation of sino - us relations .
under the situation of confrontation the deadlock in cross - strait talks , general secretary jiang 八时 and unity between the two sides of the chen shui - bian theory has provided 复 link the two sides discussed favorable opportunities .
in the urban management , it is necessary to strengthen the urban infrastructure construction , we should pay attention to the management of modernization .
in terms of education , bush proposed a " plan 转学 bills , " and allow low - income families to shift from 公立学校 私立学校 children .
自此 , cross - strait agreement signed by the medium and gradually become the us policy concept .
in the case relating to cadres transferred 42 party and government organizations , 15 judicial organ cadres , financial institutions cadres of 10 persons , out of 牵扯 温岭市 former mayor 周建国 , the standing committee of the former city party committee , minister of public security bureau 杨卫中 , a number of major leading cadres .
chen yunlin stressed that the separatist not enjoy popular support " taiwan independence " will certainly provoke a war .
however , in the past year or so , this organization has far exceeded the registration activities for 气功 organization 's nature , showed signs of a frenzied carry out anti - china activities against the real features of its original rely on international forces .
a host of facts indicate that the " falungong " organization and activities in hong kong , there is now evolved into the nature , and is completely false religion , culture in the name of political is the true to the harm it has already and that may occur , we must seriously analyze and solemnly paying close attention to .
the two sides also on the us arms sales to taiwan , and china 's accession to the world trade organization , the us national missile defense system " and " theater missile defense system , " and " falungong " and other issues of frank and friendly exchanged their views .
the social security system is a social stability " safety net " and all countries in the world regard it as " the most important work . "
the united states wants to score greater security issue to the implementation of the nmd program , and this will only just the opposite .
li hongzhi preached the " falungong " is currently engaged out 残害 country .
by then , the united states 成形 the basic strategy toward china .
emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts can be said that " if we are vulnerable to do it is hard for them . "
as a person father , it is the most difficult to endure by children to receive financially maltreated .
the mother 亲生 the impasse 带上 them ?
innovation is the wisdom of the flowers , the crystallization of knowledge .
since the aspirations and foreign organizations and governments of all countries in hong kong 's visit to hong kong officials , strictly abide by the relevant regulations will be no which combined well with the capacity of engaging in activities in hong kong , not a few contacts with political organizations .
the spokesman said : some people somebody with a sinister , it is hoped that the relations between the united states and the dprk ] , hostile and 浑水摸鱼 趁机 .
it has been learned that , on the basis of the study of the pla units in xinjiang , there is still necessary to purposefully carry out the " opposing superstition and advocating science " atheism education on special topics .
at the same time , all units also sent " 课外辅导 member of the " 农牧区 remote areas and by a regiment in - depth knowledge popularization of materials such as the masses of all ethnic groups and help the broad masses of peasants and herdsmen a clear understanding of the " falungong " cult essence , make joint efforts to safeguard the border 's prosperity and stability .
this article , entitled " upholding the one - china principle to promote cross - strait direct " three links , " the article said : the so - called " mini three links , " that is , kinmen , matsu and fujian coast direct contacts .
he said : the people on the " report ( soliciting the opinions of the draft ) " put forward the revision of suggestions , we will conscientiously study the situation after the principal and interest .
the general a normal person may not know that li hongzhi the so - called " attaining a higher level " and " and complete " what is the meaning of this , however , the " falungong " followers is the 心领神会 , practitioners to more firmly believe that 不疑 .
in the future he hoped that the topics of the double - city forum and further expand exchanges projects , 涵盖 culture , education , and other fields .
he said , the situation in the past 10 years shows that taiwan business investment in the mainland to taiwan .
a report also quoted us intelligence official said , the us federal bureau of investigation have 列出 a list of more than 3,000 enterprises , these are all enterprises in the united states and the government contact with the cpc .
in particular , the chinese nationals residing abroad , have been set up against " taiwan independence " and promoting reunification of the organization and enthusiasm for 奔走 called on the reunification of china .
it is necessary to encourage transnational corporations to set up the research center and the regional headquarters .
high - level official of the asia - pacific economic cooperation , will be the high - ranking officials attended by members of the regular meetings , four be held this year .
jiang zemin also briefed the guests on china 's domestic situation and the chinese side 's views on the current international situation .
it is necessary to introduce the mechanism of competition in the course of the power industry monopoly 垂直 , first of all , it is necessary to carry out the reorganization of the original the industrial structure , otherwise we will not be able to create the conditions of market main body and fair competition .
the power industrial reform is a systems engineering project is of long - term nature .
informed sources , in 庄如顺 committed suicide after 未遂 , it has been concerning the " yuanhua smuggling case 悔 italy , and first secretary of the fujian provincial cpc committee , when he served as 李闽忠 of zhangzhou city party committee in which he , high - level of accepting bribes 赖昌星 cars the housing problem .
the joint investigation group act , " 鱼鹰 " with the emergence of 驾驶员 may be manipulated by a serious mistake .
for many years , the chinese people in order to support 柬埔寨 people in safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity , and made tremendous efforts to bring about national reconciliation and economic construction , and have given selfless aid .
in some scientific research units , some experts a young leadership , the opinions of his academic also become the " instruction " has become absolutely correct .
the spokesman said that when the establishment of diplomatic relations between the communique also undertake this task of the countries in the signing of the establishment of diplomatic relations with the people 's republic of china . therefore , these countries should perform their commitments joint communiques , the establishment of diplomatic relations .
ningxia foundation of grass - roots party organizations , clearly define the key 帮教 , and adopt the method of the concentrated education study classes to establish the legal system , the " falungong " practitioners to carry out and meticulous ideological and political education .
after the scene 法医 initially inspection , " the first corpses were found in the east and the idea of developing the western region with the 仰卧 状 blows , and is no 烧伤 爆燃 deeply died because of the death of 窒息 瞬间 . "
to propel this year might have not so distant future of cross - strait relations from the initiative of all parties can lead to the factor of the drastic changes in taiwan .
in this way , 17 assessment of the delegation members have all 到京 , will play to the inspected the work of 申奥 beijing from tomorrow .
he did not stress 真话 , and more hypocritical !
before that , new missile test 助推器 will be held in march and april .
zhu bangzao pointed out that , on the issue of iraq , the chinese side 's stand is consistent and clear .
unity , education , and rescuing the great majority of the " falungong " practitioners , is the common responsibility of society .
executive deputy secretary of the regional party committee , and legqog , chairman of the autonomous region , attended the meeting and made an important speech .
in fact , the dprk and the third world countries are offensive against libya , iran , iraq , they are will not 核导弹 , how can a nuclear threats to the united states ? it is true that some countries are indeed has a small amount of ballistic missiles , for example , iraq is an example .
by himself to the long - term research institute of the united states see that strengthening the sense of the people in the united states in particular , there is rarely 自吹自擂 , their own this also must have a feeling of the total , it is insufficient , and have the meaning of 寒 are hard 高处 points .
in this struggle , 襄樊市 hubei province public security organs resolutely an captured wiped out the nature of the criminal organizations with 黑社会 headed by 余林 , strain arrested criminal members , 39 cracked criminal cases , seizing guns 12 .
打手 to 余林 will seriously injured with a 刘勇 .
the relevant issue made by minister liu xiaoming also answered put forward by 听众 .
at the same time , and promote the transformation of functions of rural grass - roots political power according to the requirements of developing a socialist market economy , streamlining township and town organs and personnel , and promote the villagers autonomy and perfect management structure in rural areas , so as to better adapt ourselves to the changing the economic base and superstructure in rural areas .
in the energy structure , beijing will be shifted from 煤 energy , clean energy , such as natural gas , 风能 , 太阳能 .
bush promised after being elected , it is necessary to establish a greater and more high - level , but also an all - round defense system .
therefore , the strategy of britain , and urged the us - russian talks , is as their plight 两难 seek greater room for maneuver .
to the rules of 於世贸 on the issue of china has not yet corresponding laws in many aspects , 郭寿康 a holder of a house recently pointed out that the 享有盛誉 in the international community , and china in the service trade , and safeguard measures , telecommunication , protect the integrated circuits 图 undertaken by the law in the fields of design , we need to 提上 legislative agenda as soon as possible .
guangdong vice chairman of the 同乡会 刘平中 欢迎辞 on the other , at the banquet .
it has been learned that the kuomintang 大将 step down , general secretary jiang zemin at the 16 next year , after another from his post as chairman of the resignation of the state , however , whether or not to preserve chairman of the central military commission , at present , there is not yet .
npc deputies , lanzhou military region , minister of 联勤部 樊根深 said : " over the past , and an army cadres family , and clothes 箱子 support is a few paper on a regular basis , a we are 大衣柜 and combat .
in this serious political struggle , a large number of advanced collectives and 先进个人 emerged .
development is the last word and development are the main theme of the times , the development of the key to resolving all problems in china .
our the 肩膀 is heavy and the great responsibilities ! "
in the united states in the history of more than 200 - odd years , a total of 1.8万 people were sentenced to death , only 38 percent of white people .
recently , the united states in said when interviewed by a well - called 布热津斯基 , he has a week papers china 's newspapers and periodicals , the large - scale by the hostility to the united states gave him to crack down on china 's media .
this is an important issue of strengthening and improving party building in the new period .
hu jintao ties with the party 's historical profoundly expounded the importance of strengthening party building .
the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee vice chairman buhe , chen jinhua , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , and yao jun , vice chairman of the chinese peasants ' and workers ' democratic party central committee , attended the welcoming ceremony .
the reporter asked : do you believe that china is why the approval of the " convention now ?
he said : taking part in the units of the cppcc national committee and the firm support for the vast number of members of the central government on handling and resolving the " falungong " issue is an important policy decisions .
from the stage of development , china 's industrialization at present has not yet completed , not long after just started the process of modernization .
 朱文 committee members suggested that it is necessary to create more favorable policies and market environment , and healthy development of non - public economy .
zeng jianhui is the fourth session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] held at today 's news briefing held by the remarks .
vigorously strengthen the building of socialist spiritual civilization building and democratic legal system , the relationship between reform , development , and stability , and promote the development of various social undertakings , and ensure social stability .
according to the predecessor of the aspect of the navy , and it is in the domestic propaganda for made 纪德舰 ?
there was 可敬 another 唐东成 that he is not only extremely responsible , there is still 尽责 潜心 study the science of law .
七嘴八舌 to a are economists 冲浪 on - line reporters asked : " china 's economy really be able to bring about 7 percent growth ? "
张春园 said , china 's agriculture and rural infrastructure construction has achieved remarkable results in recent years , however , compared with urban , is still relatively backward .
赵法箴 committee members suggested that we should place the development of fishery as optimizing the agricultural industrial structure , the main production of increasing peasant incomes .
greet 宋春 tian beijun , 胡定旭 , zhuang qicheng , 赵海宽 , 蔡继明 , 骆少君 and other committee members , but also on the financial system , the lives of urban sewage discharge , the development of high - tech and other to express their opinions .
he said : as an old industrial bases , liaoning has also encountered many difficulties and problems .
entrusted by the state council , the ministry of finance minister xiang huaicheng delivered a report on the draft central and local budgets on the execution of the central and local budgets for 2000 and 2001年 .
the report the formulation of a new and strong directions , with .
members of the different views of the general , he has his 责任心 , at the same time , we also have his opinion , and vision , he is very important views , i feel that the spirit of this really should carry forward in which the scope of the cppcc national committee .
the 10 th five - year plan " program " is china 's " three steps forward " continuation and further divide the development strategy .
this phenomenon 刘洪滨 deeply concerned .
deputy wang ruilin said : to promote army 's modernization building , and very crucial thing , we must with comrade jiang zemin important thinking of " three represents " as the guide , do a good job of middle - ranking cadre contingent building of a down - to - earth manner .
huang ju said : through painstaking efforts of the people of the shanghai , shanghai has in economic restructuring , the adjustment of the distribution of productive forces , and changes of historic significance , and initially established a basic framework of the socialist market economy .
he said : since the implementation of the policy of reform and opening up , china 's tremendous changes have taken place in the economic , political , cultural , and has made tremendous achievements in the fields of foreign affairs .
over the past year or so , under the support of the central government , and the macao sar government to adopt various measures to crack down on crimes forces , strongly upholding social stability .
it is necessary to give full play to the maximum out of manpower and material and financial resources , and vigorously train new - type military personnel , and provide a solid material foundation for personnel to win wars .
" he also said that 议论纷纷 the door of workers of the npc standing at the plant , has always been no conflicts .
" it is necessary to meet the demands of the efforts of all sectors , and form a powerful force to push forward structural innovation . "
party committees and governments at all levels should put scientific and technological progress and innovation in a position of economic and social development , and effectively solve practical problems in the course of development .
if we fail to properly resolve these problems , and will be a serious impact on china 's modernization drive .
we must do a good job in environmental protection new projects , ensure their production pollution , and technical transformation projects on the implementation of the portion of it is necessary to prevent water pollution .
they held that in the examination and discussion , the strategy of urbanization , is a major choice of china is gearing toward the new century .
we must strengthen our enterprises " three stresses " study and education activities under the supervision and inspection .
last year , the process of people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee on amending the marriage law , and extensively listen to the opinions of all sectors should adopt a variety of methods and attach importance to play the role of the all - china women 's federation organizations , and achieved good results .
李蒙 , executive vice chairman , vice chairman of the yao jun , 章师明 , 陈灏珠 , 阎洪臣 , 宋金升 , 朱兆良 , 陈建生 , chen zongxing , 张大宁 , 左焕琛 , 桑国卫 attended the meeting .
the cppcc session , lively discussions become a member of the topic of intellectual property rights .
deng xiaoping once said that during his lifetime , " we all the reform of whether or not we can eventually succeed , or lies in the political system .
hong kong new development of 地产 鸿基 president and concurrently company ltd. , administrative 郭炳湘 committee members held : china is one of the world 's largest industrial goods production base , at the same time , to expand the consumption market .
on the whole , the chinese government 's total military spending , there should be compared with the united states and other western countries , and even the indian military expenditure should be more than china and other countries .
kim tae - chung also briefed bush said that the rok will continue to make efforts to push the dprk and the dialogues and consultations between each take a step will and the united states , so as to let the progress made in the north - south relations is in line with the interests of the republic of korea [ rok ] and the united states .
although the people to hold 45 percent of the social wealth 1 , however , has become the income tax payment of high - income " the main supplier . "
at present , unity , equality , and mutual assistance in ningxia the new type of socialist ethnic relations be consolidated and developed continuously .
in the face of opportunities and challenges , we only 迎头 and will not disappoint the great expectations of the cpc central committee and the people throughout the country .
enjoy the rights of a wto member , china 's trade of goods , investors will enjoy more favorable treatments service industry , some countries gradually abolished discriminatory policies and measures on china , and further open up the international market .
continue to develop foreign contracting and labor cooperation , and encourage enterprises with competitive superiority in the processing of foreign trade , and use products and services and technology .
from " ushering in " and " going out , " elevated to a new realm to the outside world .
in answering a reporter 's relevant china 's accession to the world trade organization in hong kong and macao what impact of the regional economy , shi guangsheng said : after china joins the wto , it will not only for the development opportunities in mainland china , but also will have a positive impact on hong kong and macao 's economic development , and development opportunities .
when president bush campaign is bound to be discussed as well as one of the issue of the middle east issue .
after receiving the order of the department , in the work of the time rapidly completed the preparation for war preparedness missiles , and in the conditions of missiles it to a certain covers the pier to ensure a naval vessels sail on time .
however , at any time and under any circumstance the starting and goal in all our work must be in the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people .
it 不象 production , vcd , we can engage in " joint - venture " can be bought patented technologies .
during the ninth five - year plan 15亿 tree - planting trees have been planted a total of liaoning , the " 10 th five - year plan " period will also 28亿 tree - planting trees have been planted at the same time , natural forests 采伐 the prohibition of decision .
he disclosed that china 's wto accession imminent , before out regulations in foreign capital , china will be new experimental joint - venture telecommunication company .
only by seize the opportunity , seize the time to accelerate development will we be able to achieve a leap in comprehensive national strength to take off .
after the us government has changed people , the development of sino - us relations have attracted worldwide attention .
leading cadres there is just like he is better than 嗓子 喊破 : there is no weak 手下 强将 soldiers .
the two 李吕 people , like japan ' like to see china , 恨 china , belittles china , 诅咒 china , have affection was grateful to the japanese aggressors .
therefore , at present , the united states still cannot rule out the policy against iraq in the formulation of the new government will adopt a relatively pragmatic attitude , and gradually improve relations with iran .
recently , the three major tests facing the two sides is only in sino - us mutual out that the bush government last two months since he assumed office , the phase of 磨合 each other , then the three major test in may be confronted with the relations between the two countries in the next few months .
first , violated china 's criminal law .
盖莱 said that djibouti is willing to further expand friendly cooperation in various fields with china to welcome chinese enterprises to participate in the development of mineral resources and natural resources and djibouti , and participate in the process of djibouti 's economic development .
china 's merging with the development of the determination of the world economy - - further opening up ( economic 时评 ) 龚雯 in recent days , more than in china 's foreign companies have also a topic 愉快 ---九届 amendment to the operational - the fourth session of the national people 's congress [ npc ] approved the " sino - foreign joint ventures . "
the basic into an independent from enterprises and institutions , the diversification of the source , the system to ensure a standardized and social security system socialized management services .
as comrade deng xiaoping and honorary chairman .
even some people are trying to invite li hongzhi 's visit to taiwan , and with high qualifications reception , " the impact of 连锁 衍生 . "
in particular , the expansion of the wake of the total volume of china 's economy and improving the quality of economic growth , and further deepen the reform of fiscal and taxation system , the total revenue and it will steadily increasing the proportion of its financial ability to repay debt will increasingly enhanced , to which the state is fully capable of treasury bonds , a debt crisis .
in connection with the B stock market to implement the policy of opening up to the domestic residents , and actively study relevant measures for further attracting overseas institutional investors , thereby B full play to the function of the market to attract foreign capital .
军事科学 第三十五 research units , and the tenure of research personnel 军事科学 the implementation of the academies should be examination system . examination content of usually including the political and ideological , and research achievements and vocational level and innovation capability .
this 窘况 , 智库 report at the end of last year , the united states commented on asia and the formulation of the control of the united states status " was full of mixed welcome , " because of the asian financial crisis has shown that " when the united states need help friends , the united states did not help them " .
under such circumstances , the best choice is the united states should conscientiously enforce the one - china policy , and stop arms sales to taiwan , and in particular , should not be sold an aggressive " aegis " system .
since the birth of marxism , and those who act in line with the practice of generation after generation of marxism , knowledge , again practice , enhance the law , and superstition , continuously study new circumstances , solve new problems , and create new experiences , and constantly open up new realm of marxism in practice .
measures for solidly strong measures of the directions .
at 1800 傍 26 june , a 女子 to take 警署 石硖尾 that he were missing .
we , in accordance with the " one china , direct two - way direct , a reciprocal and mutually beneficial " principle , and promote the early realization of cross - strait " three links . "
李晓岩 told the teachers : " i am 得分 不在乎 .
at the door of doing our home 贼 , after 捉 by the tool of the case of its do we should also leave !
this incident 撞 aircraft have taken place in china sea in the sky , has aroused strong indignation in the course of the chinese people , it is the us government since the beginning of the chinese embassy bombing of our 血债 the entire another 欠下 to the chinese people , and have no as .
beijing and washington handling the collision 军机 unexpected incidents , and added the us arms sales to taiwan .
the most now is the united states will intrusion into china 's sovereign landed in china sea water 南陵 军机 the united states as the us territory at the airport to enjoy immunity to the chinese side put forth a series of demand .
the act of the us aircraft violated relevant provisions of the " un convention on law , and damaged the relevant consensus reached between the two sides of the united states last may on avoiding the dangerous military actions at sea .
just as president jiang zemin said : the responsibility for this incident completely in the united states , the us side should apology to the chinese people .
fifth , it is necessary to protect the students 爱国热情 and people , but adherence to the position of the requirements of the people , and mass parades , and believes that the central government 's ability to handle the issue of sino - us relations .
justice is in the hearts of the people , the friendly and good will and check the chinese government and people are the fair assessment of the people , including the united states to attain the international arena .
in 1997 , the " 问世 京都 protocol " is an attempt to the history of mankind an important reached by the international documents through control their own actions to reduce the impact on climate change .
, 3 april , the japanese government announced before 2002 approve through examination by the japanese right - wing scholars the 编撰 history textbooks , through distortion of the nature of the statements of some historical facts to the history of aggression and even to the arrogance of militarism .
all countries , both the south and north , no matter how big and small , should become the beneficiaries of globalization .
after that , president 拉戈斯 held a ceremony to welcome president jiang zemin at the square in front of the constitution .
, 5 apr , because their 血压 up , the local 住进 a hospital of the armed forces .
from the campaign to power has bush 's foreign policy is still uncertain , and all the signs dangerous signs of a mainstream which causes anxiety .
20010407 XHZSS0024. ( 4329 ) 拉丁 in the united nations america and 加勒比 and economic committee , president jiang zemin delivered speeches at the 拉丁 america and 加勒比 圣地亚哥 , 6 apr - - chinese state president jiang zemin said here on 6 june , the united nations economic commission , made a speech entitled " jointly create draw the friendly cooperation in the new century . "
we urge the consideration of the developed countries and to take care of the interests of developing countries , and jointly a shortage of funds for the settlement of the developing countries , the debt burden , financial poor and backward technologies , and other issues .
the senate speaker visited your excellency visited china in 1985 , he believed that you to visit china again , will certainly be able to see that many changes have taken place in china , but also will certainly be able to enhance our understanding of the two sides and it is very useful to promote friendly cooperation between china and chile .
beijing , 7 april - - the ministry of justice recently held a national 司法厅 ( bureau ) minister meeting to relay and study the spirit of the national work conference on public order , and implement the central government on conducting the " 严打 " major arrangements for the improvement of struggle .
at the same time , we also hope china will increase investment in chile , the harbor facilities at the airport to make better use of chile .
he said : chile has we should we learn and use for reference the good experiences in the building of the legal system .
when president jiang zemin and his wife wang yeping stepped down from the plane , which was welcomed them 德拉鲁阿 president of the argentina and argentine government officials at the boarding ramp .
( star island 's report ) a few days ago , 16 in their discussions , the leaders of the candidates for the large - scale central committee political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee , the same below the age in the 50 - year - old or twice a year in the large - scale central committee political bureau and secretariat of the 16 more young people .
the historical issue has always been the sensitive nervous throughout the world were japan brutal aggression , however , over the past several decades , the total number of people in the sustained try to japan to stimulate it .
in japan , in china , all regions can see that such a moving scene in the world .
simplifying the historical or to further complicate can only bring more clearly understand history of protests and angry .
巴西利亚 , 11 apr - - li : the steady development of sino - palestinian 杨立民 committee of the strategic partnership between china and is 巴西 东西半球 two largest developing countries .
some people said that the united states 's industrial economy is the main killer the world environment , the actual for this .
at present , a growing number of the categories of crimes over the past , causing over the past increased degree , " 严打 " is still the most important link in the maintenance of social security and stability .
it is necessary to make the " 严打 " policy in the investigation , arrest , bringing , judicial , and transformation of all aspects of cracking down on crimes , and take earnest steps to form a " 严打 " and powerful joint forces .
the sound of voices of telephone participants , a letter to 关切的 letters , a fresh flowers the 绽开 束 束 , and the formation of a love of their caterpillar treads 暖流 , will the love of the people 's lives of 王伟 to 湖州 , to 陵水 , sent to beijing to sea days .
下午5时P.M.30分 11 april , the us government 全权代表 , us ambassador to china joseph prueher has eventually submitted to the chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan 致歉 trust , " pilots who were missing and aircraft to the chinese side president bush and secretary of state powell have expressed their sincere regret 坠毁 .
the two sides has played the spirit of consultation and cooperation , he made the two sides can accept a " win - win " result .
换言之 , taiwan very likely to pioneer a aegis warships " 大脑 " and aegis warfare department , however , at the moment is to find a " 躯体 , " there is no load 船体 taiwan .
the cpc will this explanation sales to taiwan independence , " " the most sensitive a nervous the us relations , when things into a real , the cpc is 震怒 .
if so , what needs to be aegis warships ?
china has witnessed great development of economic and social undertakings , but the task of development is still very arduous , and we are confident that realize its goal .
王伟 is worthy of the officers and men of the study of the whole army good example .
the result of the state investment rose quite rapidly increased the intensity of the treasury bond investment projects , with the same period last year is low , a certain relations ahead of time 施工期 this year .
in 1996 , the taiwan authorities the " no haste , be patient " policy , the unemployment rate up to the only way .
论点 2 : the chinese side to carry out tracking and monitoring the us military reconnaissance , 肇事 responsibility in china .
as for those who consider themselves clever and refrain from 算盘 打错 . "
a certain communications regiment of the guangzhou military region conducted useful explorations in this regard .
with regard to the convention and the " international covenant on the elimination of all forms of racial discrimination " and " international covenant on civil and political rights , the united states signed by from the approval of the political 40 years , respectively , and the 28 years and 15 years .
these three cases are : 冉兴力 , sichuan , 杀人案 , 常建立 , henan , 杀人案 and 邓星众 such as guangdong , 盗窃案 .
the total , some have fled 出境 , causing the loss of a large amount of state - owned assets , some state - owned enterprises will be difficult for the united states , social problem very seriously .
莫金英 , bringing had the guns were 张君 criminal group used illegal it sold to taiwan , deliberately killing , the losses caused casualties and property 公私 a large amount of more serious consequences .
when 公诉人 scriptures " 张劲 被害人 , and female , the 29 year - old , " 旁听席 , 69 - year - old chongqing 夺眶而出 泪水 张德贵 old man .
but at that time , a country 's pilots of military reconnaissance 戴著 " 帽 圣诞 " 抵近 in addition , a sovereign state 's sovereign and the 送来 " 礼物 圣诞 " is a threat and provocation .
a reporter 李砺寒 recently , from sichuan , chongqing , guizhou , yunnan , tibet five provinces ( districts , cities ) the leadership of the government leaders and military region jointly signed the " decision on strengthening the southwest the people in the theater air defense work .
healthy and stable sino - japanese relations not only conforms to the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries and the future generations , but is also conducive to regional and world peace and development .
however , after the united states established diplomatic relations , the us side did not seriously , fulfill its obligations undertaken a strict manner .
china is 大船 , the party is good 舵手 .
- - a national cohesion , we should love our motherland .
zhang qiyue said : the chinese side has consistently opposed japanese political leaders 参拜 " 靖 state shrine . "
otherwise , all the consequences caused by this can only be undertaken by the united states .
the current the battle of taiwan 's military weapon firing , most of the weapons for the long - distance attack nature , and has focused on the taiwan army " outside the decisive " new strategic concept and tactical application in the exercise was also lay stress on the combination of new - type weapons , so as to test their tactical technological functions , and effectively play to the overall combat capabilities and all - type weapons .
in the study group to study the law on the evening , his 供奉 li hongzhi portrait , extremely " 虔诚 . "
he said : china and the eu countries have maintained good relations , it is hoped that this kind of friendly relations will further strengthened .
he expressed his high appreciation for the development and the achievements made by china in economic construction , 自豪 for enterprises to participate in austria is china 's development , and said that both sides are full of confidence in the future cooperation in various fields .
the " falungong " has constantly and mailboxes force to slip their materials , and the amount of the lengthy 文传 , and they accept other important 信件 and 文传 .
there are , through the incident , people have noticed that bush government 's china policy is more toward the third stand .
however , in the past year or so , the new leader of the taiwan authorities refused to recognize the one - china principle , have repeatedly denied the consensus reached between arats and sef in 1992 .
the editorial holds that no matter how many 编织 the 华丽 修辞 , if the first " consensus " have to negate the propaganda lecture , there is no way to launch of the basic dialogue and exchanges , there are other misunderstanding glibly about how to reduce their mutual said in the next step .
tang jiaxuan and his party arrived in moscow is the 27 th that after the end of the an official visit to ukraine to take part in the " shanghai five " foreign minister meeting will pay an official visit to russia .
the key is to further strengthen the leading cadres at all levels , judicial personnel and administrative law enforcement personnel , and education of young people and enterprises ' operations and management personnel and the legal system .
i hope you will become to pursue the truth and being bold in innovation .
under the current situation of mutual dependence of the global economy era , the developing countries and economic the country 's economy will inevitably affected by industrial the state of changing tracks , the impact of economic growth to slow down , especially principal economic power .
however , at least 新德里 events in the near future , we have to wait it out , not set any tendency .
the taiwan compatriots and strongly demanded that the taiwan authorities recognize the chapters with 92 articles consensus , and hopes to resume consultations between arats and sef as soon as possible , and the improvement of cross - strait relations .
it was reported to the smuggling 七十四 thick
i am a their son , we can read university , when the minister of the republic , he wanted to have did not think that 扪心自问 work in recent years , i was 问心无愧 .
such as 侯小虎 use in customs work , 人头 - harvesting and business - harvesting conditions , act as a very disgraceful role in the activities of smuggling crimes .
however , due to the 较差 natural conditions , there are still many difficulties of peasants .
bush said : " we need to a new framework , so that we can establish deal with the threat of different in the world of today 's missile defense system . "
wu said : " the so - called political , is to engage in confrontation , but confrontation is unpopular .
we really of the people in religious circles have the freedom of religious belief , and the united states has no right to make presumptuous comments on china 's freedom of religious belief .
according to a three - point consensus in the internal meeting , president of the united states after bush took office , that is , china as a strategic competitor . constantly putting pressure on china , or even tried to intimidate .
bush 重提 now carrying out this program is obviously can in violation of the " anti - ballistic missile treaty , if the cornerstone of global security and trigger a new round of arms race .
he repeatedly stressed that india will seek the establishment of a friendly with china in public places , cooperation , good - neighborliness and mutual benefit .
1997年7月1日 , here to the whole world declared that president jiang zemin : the chinese government resumed the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong , the founding of the hong kong special administrative region government of the people 's republic of china .
from the perspective of the use of funds , and the other hand , with high cost attract foreign capital and foreign exchange of assets on the other hand but also maintain a large number of low income . on the other hand , which has two - thirds of the world 's foreign exchange reserves , on the other hand but also to resisting the impact from international speculation capital .
in order to avoid 大进大出 funds for the impact the asian financial market , and other asian countries should jointly strive to build the issues of reunification of the market in asia .
scientific and technological exchanges and cooperation with the industry promote each other , and is conducive to pushing forward the deepening of cross - strait economic cooperation .
the chinese side and both sides maintained contacts and coordination , to solve these problems is aimed at the end of multilateral talks in geneva .
the united states 华裔 citizens ' anti - cult association advocated by the founding of the 1933年 new york 衣馆 federation of overseas chinese , announced the establishment of new york on 28 .
yunnan province 高院 carried out of final appeal of this case , 普 sentenced to death and deprived of political rights for life ; and confiscate 50万 billion yuan in property , and 罚金 10,000 yuan .
at present , china and the united states has not yet reached no agreements on how to return the aircraft spies .
fourth , the improvement of national defense education system of laws and regulations , the " national defense 教育法 " will strengthen supervision and inspection of law enforcement " 国防法 " and " specific manifestation of the relevant provisions of national defense education " 教育法 , at the same time , the system of laws and regulations and rules , and provide a basis for the improvement of the relevant national defense education .
some us media recently is full of a large number of the people 's republic of china and the chinese people 嘲讽 漫画 .
the main purpose of premier zhu rongji 's current visit is leaders on bilateral relations with these countries and in - depth exchange of views on international and regional issues of common concern , and consolidate the traditional friendly relations between china and these countries , and further strengthen mutually beneficial cooperation between the two sides .
premier zhu rongji written statement issued a brief speech at the airport .
financial will have a good job in this regard , 办得 in a timely manner , and hopes to continue to run .
pakistan is the implementation of the economic rejuvenation of the plan , the chinese government is willing to push forward the enterprises to actively take part in china , and make efforts to pakistan economic development .
from a long - term point of view , the rise of india is only a matter of time , the intention to become a world pole " india in the future conflict with the united states is still uncertain whether or not be in numerous interests .
it turned out that 阿米蒂奇 to indian prime minister atal bihari vajpayee handed a letter bush , the dream of 谕 舅 硎 as the outside world and concrete when the date for it .
after many years after the turmoil and twists and turns , the indian - us relations in the final in the 诵 攴 ツ , into the track of improvement and cooperation .
in order to 僧尼 and religious believers are fully guaranteed freedom of belief , a total of more than 300 million yuan in the past 10 years of the central and tibet local governments , in the temples and repair for religious activities .
to solve the problem of water and river 海河 , in particular , beijing , tianjin , and other cities the problem of water , and the overall situation of relations across the country is of great significance .
accompanying vice premier li lanqing on his inspection trip were the responsible persons of relevant departments wang chunzheng , xu rongkai , gao qiang , 吕新奎 .
this situation and the two years ago , the " two - state theory " very 缘起 神似 .
in the wake of social progress , the constant development of their own capability of mankind and the meantime , it is growing strength .
huang ju requirements of the young people to conscientiously study the distinguished ten models of the whole army 's advanced deeds of the shanghai .
zhejiang 牛头山 .
in 1996 taiwan strait crisis , the main contradiction in cross - strait relations , " who represents , " and " how to reunification , " opposing independence and promoting reunification of the struggle into a heightened .
in order to ensure the mobility of night hidden nature , they did not 照明 mobility , technical support as the intensive training courses night , through the division of the training , in turn , unity , and form a training , and gradually breakthrough in the night mobile operations " bottleneck " .
if a national missile defense program put into effect , and will upset the global strategic balance and stability , harm the mutual trust and cooperation among the major powers , and hinder the process of international disarmament and prevention of proliferation efforts , and trigger a new round of arms race .
your country is a long history and beautiful 风光 and rich resources .
it was reported that during the past year since - bian government administration , the number of suicide by the whole island 二千六百 billion people , the average daily seven people , nine years ago , committed suicide most of the reasons for this is because their jobs .
this warned very important and very timely .
in march this year , the taiwan authorities even more openly support from the island and " taiwan independence " elements in 纠合 , which was jointly sponsored by the first time in the island 's " the world and taiwan will " has 上演 out by the " taiwan independence " 丑剧 .
all inspection groups were members of the former proceed in a concentrated training .
for this reason , we have 拨通 is the telephone 刘化迪 our reporters interviewed by tibet , and make the road of ---一 dialogue on the tibet highway the two reporters 杨昌明 : the qinghai - tibet highway , and the sun recently .
the two sides of the historical , cultural traditions , different social systems , and there are also national conditions vary , but we have similar views on many major international issues and the common interests .
in the past 50 years , the central government and people of all nationalities throughout the country are greatly concerned about and support for tibet 's development and progress .
after the cold war , over dialogue , cooperation , to replace confrontation has become the common aspiration of the people of all countries in the world .
the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee vice chairman , and autonomous regions , and 帕巴拉·格列朗杰 chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the forum .
last year , both sides unanimously agreed to a relations and advance to a new stage of comprehensive cooperation . "
the two countries ' economic cooperation , further expand and 委内瑞拉 has become the most from china 's investment countries in latin america .
on the people 略知一二 风格 act , he again on .
the reason is quite simple , if we lose its one - china principle as the basis of cross - strait relations not only no way of cross - strait contacts and negotiations , but will also become impossible for cross - strait peaceful reunification .
" the traditional concept " weapons , such as heavy artillery tanks , have become obsolete even aircraft carriers .
韩升洙 stressed that the rok government will continue to maintain the ruling of the policies towards the dprk since president kim tae - chung , spoke highly of the chinese side in maintaining regional peace and stability , and play a positive role in particular , in its to promote peace process on the korean peninsula .
to this end , and unique the fourth five - year plan for the formulation of the propaganda and education on legal system .
li peng spoke positively of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the progress made in the relations between the two countries in the past 10 years , 文莱 sudan highly appreciate and 王室 members has made important contributions to promoting relations between the two countries .
jiang chunyun said : in recent years , the chinese family planning associations at the commended a large number of advanced units and 先进个人 , all localities have introduced a number of advanced models with , how to take these typical experiences 推开 , so that the 开花结果 crops , and the improvement of the association for promoting the overall level of work , and is a major event should be concentrated on well .
jiang chunyun also pointed out : it is necessary to pay attention to play the role of the association , and promote the development of the work of the associations at all levels .
a reporter asked .
specifically speaking , the problems in 有旧 system , a new two systems " collision " and implement the policy of reform of the 偏差 , a small number of jamming hostile forces .
we should firmly believe that the process of the party , capability , and ways to resolve the current reform encountered some contradictions and difficulties and problems .
the us new military strategy will lead to the world ?
whether or not we can look squarely at the issue , exposing problems is a grim test of the leading cadres .
hu jintao expounded in his speech basic characteristics of the current international situation , the analysis of the new trends have emerged and changes .
li peng emphasized that the implementation of the organic law on village committees , and strengthened the confidence and determination to the road of building socialism with chinese characteristics 跟党走 the peasant masses , and consolidate the basis of the ruling party in the rural areas , display the superiority of our country 's socialist system .
in particular , the key to solve problems , the principal leaders should personally relevant departments and local governments , consultation , and jointly study and solution to ensure that all implement the policy of resettlement .
bush said that the us - chinese trade between the two countries will be conducive to the united states in the agricultural producers and industrial and commercial enterprises .
after world war , the japanese right - wing groups have been disbanded the time , the right - wing forces have been greatly weakened .
these measures forcefully shows that china 's determination to adhere to the policy of reform and opening up to the outside world , china 's positive stance on multilateral economic cooperation , and play a constructive role in promoting trade liberalization process of asia - pacific economic cooperation .
this point , even many people of insight in taiwan have 看出来 .
张健 said that he is being the first destruction of the cpc units 手无寸铁 students , after 数小时 , he was classmate with one , breaking through vehicles to a hospital , there are still four vehicles were wounded classmate , which was that 满目疮痍 , the hospital 累累 死伤 even within the innocent students and workers of the support of the movement of the people .
武宽 said : the asia - pacific economic cooperation and trade 部长会议 another topic is how to promote the implementation of the three program of action , that is , the members of the program of action , collective of the program of action and economic and technological cooperation plan .
recently , the vicious suicide bombing of the incident occurred in tel aviv , causing the death of more than 10 , nearly 100 people were injured .
the results of the peace talks are rare , but more importantly , and implementation of the 践诺 .
when it once again that when seeing this , and its strength has strong 醯 扇 , but the output of more than 10 percent .
experts believe that the increase and create job opportunities , should become the most important task of the government work .
prior to this , bush because 杰福兹 withdraw from the republican party and the force the republicans hand over their seats in the senate majority of the party , there was a may further increased for the republican ( quit the party to say that mccain ) .
according to the taiwan " land of the total " disclosed that this exercise will carry out 营区 关丽阳 valley in the central part of the 台岛 , and the lead player is only an airborne of the taiwan troops conducted special combat capability of the brigade of the special 第862 war .
the situation on the basis of relevant departments of the japanese government only provided by the rok , and also announced that since , 8 june , stop from china 's import eggs diary products .
q : to making , and 宣传品 disseminating cult propaganda cult , undermine the law , administrative laws and regulations , the implementation of the country , how to the stipulations of the " explanation 2 " ?
apart from signed two agreements , also gave a " 阿拉木图 statement " and " statement " and the " dushanbe statement in bishkek . "
the united states policy and will always be so as to give priority to the for the interests of the united states .
since reform and opening up , our nation 's economic structure , and forms of economic operation , social organizational forms , profound changes have taken place in the production of life , and the masses .
the " great leap forward " and " great cultural revolution " between the two major 折 麴 .
he said , how to explore the building of socialism in china , " 於毛 beginning , in deng . "
sticking to our conviction of the party , we must strengthen the ideological and political work , strengthening education in ideals and convictions .
you have 辛苦 ! "
the heads of state of the six countries also jointly met with reporters 午宴 held by the heads of state of the country and the delegation and attended a president jiang zemin to attend the conference .
at shanghai , 15 jun ( reporter 周晓华 潘清 ) 张德广 vice minister of foreign affairs today said : the " shanghai cooperation organization " members of the heads of state has successfully completing various agenda of the meeting , the taiwan straits have achieved the predicted target , and achieved a complete success .
he said : the purpose and principles of the organization is in line with the state and the interests of the people of uganda .
with the " shanghai spirit " of the norms for mutual relations between the member states of the " shanghai cooperation organization " will have bright prospects for development .
it is necessary to carry out the business of the formation of 收付 信用证 inspection , and crack down on the use of financing and foreign exchange activities carried out without genuine trade 信用证 background , we must severely punish to the relevant parties .
the current domestic " incubators " most of them are government established visible facilities , because of the government limited resources , the scope of its services are a lot of restrictions and very promising to give a lot of opportunities for development and expansion of losing enterprises .
second , it is necessary to actively organize the masses in disaster areas to develop diversified operations , and expand opportunities for their incomes .
although in what used , the government on the basis of political stand 考量 , did not give them support in terms of policy , and also to remind nongovernmental units should pay attention to the cpc 's united front work , however , the viewpoint of the non - governmental is fairly consistent , and more supporters tendency .
in recent years , the two countries ' friendly cooperation have constantly expanded and achieved positive results .
a number of military officers on active service or 退役 in military officers were left the army is believed that the chinese side is necessary to have this kind of missiles medium strategic deterrence weapons , it is not nuclear 纵使 .
china 's financial industry and how to play a still greater role in the capital market ?
( 5 ) we must continue to improve the system of compensation for them and has directions .
the people first party also expressed opposition to this .
many provinces have 订出 measures to 革职 无能 cadres .
military sciences 罗源 a research fellow at the institute of strategic studies , said : the history and facts have proven that the outcome of war is not rely on a couple of new weapons .
a few days ago , i met chancellor gerhard schroder , and minister of the economy 米勒 conducted talks , extensive contacts with entrepreneurs the visit , fruitful .
it is worth discussing whether this kind of viewpoint .
安德烈 , the russian foreign minister igor ivanov year .
as for the category ii Start signed in 1993 , the more that will the united states and russia have for the number of nuclear warheads , and further reduced to about 3,000 .
this new military strategy proposed by 拉姆斯菲尔德 , give up this important strategic the " cornerstone of the " war preparations to shift the focus to asia , possible to deal with the region " 有损于 the united states hidden dangers the interests of the state 's security and major events " .
however , no matter how to lee teng - hui to the alliance 连宋 really has played a constraining results .
( 经纬 the legal system ) 6月25日 beijing four major cases of drug - related crimes - - the supreme people 's courts announced the " 6.26 " the eve of the international anti - drug day , the supreme people 's court announced the results of the four major handling of cases of drug - related crimes , a number of criminal elements was punished according to law .
this year 's " 6.26 " the eve of the international anti - drug day , this reporter interviewed anti - drug committee and director of the country on these problems , the ministry of public security minister jia chunwang .
he stressed : it is of utmost importance to sino - us relations , we should make joint efforts to improve and develop the relations between the two sides .
china has speeded up the pace of structural adjustment industries and regions , and promote the structural optimization and upgrading of industries .
the police which will united states and welcome the people across the an lakes , a lakes , lee teng - hui 's import of cars from another 上山 , the demonstration 躲避 the masses .
in exploring the road is tortuous , there will be successful , and will also setback .
he hoped that the study of the advanced experiences of the chinese armed forces through this visit , further promote the development of relations between the two armed forces in the new century .
6月29日 at shanghai - - ( by reporter 厉正宏 ) meeting of the shanghai municipal commemorating the 80 th anniversary of the founding of the communist party of china , ceremoniously held this afternoon .
strictly administer the party , we must comprehensively implement the party 's ideological , political , organizational , and work style building and take earnest steps to embody to the party organizations at all levels , the vast numbers of party members and cadres education , management and supervision in all aspects .
li peng said : china attaches importance to the an important role in the us congress , it is hoped that the united states member of the meeting will play a positive role in promoting relations between the two countries .
the last few days , the navy are carried out on the sea training " qingdao " missile destroyers , the passion 涌动 a 创优 争先 .
the incident 撞 aircraft have shown that if the 於或 the definition of china has made in china as a " specific enemy will inevitably caused great harm to the united states ' international interests .
the overall level of china 's enterprise informationization is not high , 不快 process .
second , push forward the reform of the financial system , it is necessary to vigorously carry out the reform of the system of departmental budgets , the reform of the system of centralized treasury 收付 and tax and fee reform , continue to conscientiously implement the " separation between revenue and expenditure " provisions , strengthen supervision and management of extra - budgetary funds .
regional party committee organization department , the propaganda department of the study of theory study central group responsible comrades of the united front work department , also attended the regional party committee .
the central government has attached great importance to and support of the party committees at all levels , to participate in the enthusiasm of the masses , and economic conditions permit , geographical location , and people , and momentum is good .
in a cordial and friendly talks , jiang zemin welcomed by 扎农 parliament to visit china at the request of the alliance on the middle east situation in the arab .
she expressed the hope that the association for foreign - invested enterprises in the future , we should continue to play its role as a bridge between the governments and enterprises , and more reflected the views and demands of investment in china entrepreneurs .
the news encouragement to the nongovernmental investment in the media that has some people have made investment in the media industry is stepping up plans .
through the implementation of this policy , japan 's military technology with the development of 迅速的 , and even the united states in some technology .
the decision of the two countries will further expand F-2 fighters represented by the development of military technology and equipment exchanges and cooperation in all fields .
it is necessary to encourage officers and men 转业 , 退伍 to the work of poverty - stricken areas , contribution to the wisdom and strength for economic and social development in poverty - stricken areas .
the responsible persons of relevant special committees and organs of the cppcc national committee of the meeting as observers .
the evening of 9 th , the dprk supreme people 's 杨亨燮 , vice chairman of the standing committee held a banquet at the mansudae in pyongyang to welcome chinese friendship delegation headed by vice chairman jiang .
he said that beijing should submit an application to successfully will be a good thing . 杜德印 the leadership of the beijing municipal government , 张茅 and chinese ambassador to russia 武韬 attended the meeting .
third , it is necessary to strengthen the information network 's law enforcement and judicial work .
蚕茧 下放 at the same time , and sugar the factory price 供热 热电厂 directly under the central government procurement price by the provincial departments in charge of price management .
to maintain the party 's advanced nature , we must act in line with the " three represents " requirements for comprehensively strengthening party building .
the arats 热心 to the development of cross - strait relations with taiwan in many aspects 热心 to do something for the interests of the compatriots on both sides of the party organizations and people of all walks of life , and handle things in this regard .
he further said : " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " is mr. deng xiaoping put forward during his lifetime , is the basic principle for settling the taiwan issue .
if they had to another we must carry out cross - strait official contacts and consultations , 戴著 of the " white 手套 " nongovernmental organizations , and this is another contacts between the mainland and taiwan .
why is the " one country , two systems " one of the chief executive of cities , and this will be given high qualifications reception in the international community ?
people are hailing the growth and a 跳跃 , the smiling faces of a lively 浸润 泪花 .
the eu countries officials of the birth of the country to " 京都 protocol " negative attitude of japan to the agreement indicated that he cannot understand .
the article said : the new treaty also should promote the development of economic cooperation between the two countries .
in the history of aggression launched by japanese militarism , and has greatly hurt the national feelings of the people of asia .
second , further defined the direction of the operation of the sino - russian strategic cooperation on different levels .
the well - known economist wu jinglian said : the chinese government 's policy for the implementation of the proactive fiscal policy and stimulate the supply side has achieved remarkable results , as long as we should continue to adhere to this policy , china 's economic growth this year is still be very strong .
this year , more increase its cotton sown areas , it is necessary to pay attention to guard against the " 打白条 " and the peasants ' " it is difficult to sell cotton . "
it has been learned that in the wake of the case of the investigation , suspected of being the case of all over the " protective umbrella " is also affected by legal sanctions .
in the near future , the balance of loans 5万亿 by six billion yuan , has increased 2482亿 billion yuan , 360亿 billion yuan less year .
to achieve such a historical tasks and it is necessary to pay painstaking efforts of several generations , it is necessary to conduct creative work in all aspects , but the most important thing is to this cause of the organizers , the leader - - further a good job in our party .
in recent years , the research institute has achieved a large number of scientific and technological innovations , and the building of the new type of missile weapons for our army 's combat strength has provided a powerful technical support .
i participate in the united nations this year might have insidious in the case , it has been learned that the government internal is now discussing whether to " applications become an observer " as i participate in the united nations .
less than four months time at the beginning of this year , the territory of the hebei 30 counties ( cities ) successively occurred in the 50 cases of 加油站 抢劫 , under public security departments should attach great importance to hebei province .
in terms of investment demand , the first half of this year , the whole society to complete the same period of 15 percent by 1 percent of investment in fixed assets , and speed up the four 1个百分点 by over the previous year .
叶震 the same time , he pointed out , to weaken the role in promoting economic growth , and other contradictions and problems to attach great importance to this .
in the regiment equipment management center , 库存 with the reviewing the 雷达站 statistical data and equipment situation at any time , the various 雷达站 报表 also directly to the regiment e - mail 可用 equipment management center and started to " science and technology - style " management .
less than two months after zhao returned to taiwan , he advocated by the " government of the whole people " collapsed , the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] was forced to form a " minority government " unit or " fourth nuclear plant " the confrontation between the democratic progressive party [ dpp ] led to an opposition party alliance , taiwan 's political situation is chaotic state of turbulence .
in order to reach the goal of more than chen shui - bian it is necessary to fully shows the taiwan to the united states to restrict 称霸 of the chinese mainland of the asian and world " bargaining chip " , felt close relations between taiwan and the united states .
in august last year when chen shui - bian 's first visit , he separately 红包 the 四百六十万四千二百万三千万 $ 布基纳法索 commenting 多米尼加 given said that the case of the case of loans aid to the old regime of the new government will " in the tolerance , " and ensure that the future assistance " will increase . "
on the contrary , in light of the united states in high - level officials , including president chen shui - bian 's words and deeds are undertaking , and are sunk in a regular basis .
recently , the technological progress also shows that the structural adjustment can , through the majority of the combat troops and combat 勤务 support the improvement of the structure of force to greatly enhance the combat effectiveness .
帕巴拉 acts as the central delegation . 格列朗杰 , and wang zhongyu , wang zhaoguo , and xu caihou , responsible persons of the tibet autonomous regional people 's party , government , and military and political commissar of the chengdu military region 杨德清 took part in activities .
fourth , the " taiwan continue to maintain the government structure . "
the two sides on the relations between china and ukraine and international and regional issues of common concern , and the in - depth exchange of views and achieved important consensus .
second , to create public opinion , the so - called destabilizing factors in asia targeting toward china .
once the outbreak of the taiwan strait war , the us government will face 两难 choices : it is necessary to " 打退堂鼓 丢人 manner . it is necessary to " will be the outbreak of a result of the tragedy of war with china . "
the taiwan people will become more and more understanding on the mainland , and is willing to exchange with the mainland compatriots , these are important opportunity for the further improvement of cross - strait relations , but also for people with hope .
facts have proved that the fundamental this issue is 子虚乌有 .
on the increase the intensity of rectification and crack down on the same time , we should earnestly take at one 's down corruptive practices , improve relevant laws , regulations , and law enforcement mechanism , and gradually standardized market , and establish a good market economic order .
china funds in the current stage is comparatively sufficient , capital 流出 conducive to the international competition and accumulated experience in the development of globalization .
the 20 th century 皇 电算化 stage with the accounting for 80 s , the mid - in 1997 , and is mainly used 怂 峒坪 手工 substitute 电算化 run counter to accelerate the pace of accounting , and enhance the accuracy .
affected by the united states , japan economy , the taiwan region and the rok , and the fall in the stock market in southeast asia , currency exchange rate a drastic devaluation , economic a setback and even the danger of a financial turmoil , matter which part of recovery .
he further pointed out that china 's entry into the wto and the asean region is beneficial for china 's economic development , " because it represents a greater investment and trade market . "
八时十五分 beijing time , powell arrived by special plane 首都国际机场 .
however , speaking in terms of technology 空间站 of difficulty , then it is necessary to marry each @ point is the people , it is necessary to spend a lot of money .
i announced coastal work conference in jiangsu province held a few days ago , the army , navy , the province has boosted the early days of the results of the coastal security management system together .
this paper 's : the outstanding representatives of the leading cadres in the new period
the pla is a manifestation of the party and the country 's political advantages , and the new situation and tasks , we must more consciously hold high the banner of the requirements and safeguarding the core .
first , it is necessary to develop a number of companies and enterprise groups which has a bearing on the overall situation of economic development in recent years , many comrades have deeply have , it is necessary to participate in international competition , china still short of such a number of companies and enterprise groups have international competitiveness .
conscientiously studying in the new historical conditions , and conscientiously practice of the important thinking on " three represents " is the communist party member , standing at the forefront of the times , and the fundamental requirement for maintaining the advanced nature .
1999年10月1日 , the 50 th anniversary of the national day parade , the chinese army , navy , the air force , and the joint efforts of the appearance of the second artillery 牡 of bombs .
the formulation of policies for the issue of strong , it is necessary to strictly in line with the spirit of the cpc central committee 's publicity and prevent " conducted nationwide . "
this as a matter of fact , it is not unexpected , because the image of the card of the ninth 马英 , in the party has always been a super 人气 .
we must resolutely safeguard the party 's leadership , the name of opposition to nationalize deny the party 's absolute leadership over the army . 5 . the reunification of the global : i would like to ask : china 's military spending will be greatly increase next year ?
during the war in upholding the party 's absolute leadership over the army , and regularly , a large number of embody in 武装斗争 task for the fulfillment of the party and 南征北战 , long bloody endeavor .
veteran comrades , study and master " on 1 july " speech spirit is a major event of the whole party as a veteran comrades , ideological not retired , obligations the responsibility of party members should not be abandoned , we must conscientiously study and firmly supported the general secretary jiang on 1 july " important speech .
during the un general assembly 今秋 , and the united states also have the opportunity of high - level meeting , powell have invited foreign minister tang jiaxuan to visit washington after at the meeting .
the us economy is still facing a serious threat in recession , and the european economy has not japan 's economy is a gap .
from 1993 , i can gain visa to visit the mainland .
this is an important for people gave us enlightenment the history of human civilization .
although 拜登 taiwan 's democratization hailing , however , the remains to be upheld by the interests of the united states .
we must speed up the establishment of a cadres recommendation , inspection , discussed and determined the responsibility system , so as to ensure a sound implementation of all the " regulations " and in terms of system to prevent and put a stop to unhealthy tendencies in promoting and the phenomena of corruption .
the self - improvement and development of the socialist system in the final analysis , is a structural innovation .
战犯 甲级 , the 罪大恶极 war is the far east international military court verdicts , they 绞刑 punishment , or killed 自决 absolutely cannot be the first 阵亡 .
second , adhere to marxism in china , 风格 and characteristics of it must be entrusted by the chinese nation , the fruits of outstanding civilizations and the party 's practical experiences that the chinese nation .
at the same time , 贾义 怂 砜 the senate have been frequent 姆 the world economy and the development of socialism , and provide a historic opportunity .
q : in the new revised " regulations " to reinforcing and improving the legal responsibility , what has increased the intensity of punishment on illegal and criminal activities of the new regulations ?
赵光华 that 七月八日 has adopted by the amendment to the 海关法 in the last year , after revision of the " 海关法 " is identical with wto regulations , china does not need to make the adjustment of the rules of the general customs law .
practice has proven that china 's oil companies ability in overseas businesses , and more 拿回 for the country 's share of oil , we must intensify input in overseas , and strive for the rapid improvement of the share of oil in the import of petroleum and the proportion of china .
people cannot help but ask : what lee teng - hui is its intention ?
the united states and russia have aroused the agreement reached between the two sides of the international community generally concerned about . however , the practical significance to the agreement , the parties concerned have different interpretation .
" we repeatedly make a part of this 於把 a considerable 工作量 the realities of eight times . " the execution of the group of 1 projects , head of the gene group of the mankind plan , a researcher of the 杨焕明 联系人 china .
i often discussed with the leaders of the democratic parties on some major issues .
" 出征 and soldiers in the first , it is necessary to to the " 壮行 , " 死后 will be 放回 灵牌 here , and become the so - called " god for the country . "
within the shrine 靖 countries are all related statement of the war of aggression " great east asia war " and even presumptuously claim that " great east asia war " is the emancipation of the asian countries under the rule of the japanese army from white " 圣战 . "
the new komeito the deputies said 武法 崎 god " prime minister 参拜 it is regrettable that , although it has avoided the day of 15 august finally war , but could not escape the reaction neighboring countries .
during world war ii , the japanese militarists trampled on 铁蹄 a 大半个 asia , 累累 血债 those japanese militarism , and caused untold disasters to the vast numbers of people .
sixth , it is 印刷业 rectification .
in the history of 隼 what regularizing 甯 饕 嶂 economically 蜕 regularizing 新民主主义 the stage of development , the leadership of the working class has always been class , while the masses of peasants , has always been the most reliable 同盟者 of the working class .
it has been learned that , the ministry of relevant departments have already requirements of the microsoft ( china ) companies provided more convenient for the users in china as soon as possible , and convenient and effective methods of compensation .
八月十八日 at shanghai - - ( by reporter 厉正宏 陈毛弟 ) - - this reporter has learned from the police in shanghai today , 黑社会 organizations in taiwan who stir up trouble " 天道 region " backbone elements of the two 凌志成 , a few days ago , 徐文贤 in shanghai .
after 派出所 the path of 虹桥 shanghai has arrived at the scene installment , has put a stop to the further development of events in a timely manner .
he added , " the party central committee of the prudent and engaged in , there are many problems brought on the contrary , it will 操之过急 .
a growing number of official in the propagation of local member of the insider also said that , the beidaihe meeting was 增补 issue in the political bureau member 商议 为难 feeling .
the old bush tried to persuade bush will not unilaterally announced that the military withdrawal from the balkans , we should more actively participated in the middle east affairs and to improve relations with north korea and the restoration of the bilateral security dialogue .
it has been learned that the guidance of the " to the commercial banks , supervision and control , and overseas organizations of commercial banks and foreign supervision and control authorities clearly stated the requirements and regulations in the fields of information exchanges and cooperation .
we hope to economize on the surface to see the border areas and tremendous 寂静 in 夜幕 划破 utter 浪涛 , anxiously , then 波 a 波 in the past 涌 , as if everything itself to the surface .
this is an impassable " 红线 . "
after the cold war , us policymakers 越发 believe that the challenges in the asia - pacific region will be a to europe , hence it is necessary to increase input in the asia - pacific region , and security .
due to the japanese economic slump in the past 10 years , and the united states ' economy , the growth of our focus when j , this that the japanese even more " 气短 , " japan 衰减 the hopes and ability to act against the united states independence , relying on the united states .
once again be submitted for deliberation of the draft law : 防沙 sand control of the draft law on the draft law on prevention and control 职业病 the draft amendment to the use of waters the management of the draft 第四百一十 第三百四十二 of the criminal law .
those in the past , due to the protection of domestic , ⒍系 reasons to be stop to enter the domestic commodity , and will no longer be limited .
the non - public economic sector is the positive efforts to promote china 's economic development and social progress .
the economic growth period of 渐变 and 过渡性 , and will not be a stable and standard the mode of economic growth .
the sources said that the policy of the second half of further stimulate domestic demand , recently have had discussion at the beidaihe meeting and become a decision - making .
china 's imminent accession to the wto , taiwan businessmen hope that the beach landing the mainland share market , as denmark 还魂 taiwan 's economic recovery , and this trend will not because of chen shui - bian 's policy is there any change .
zhu rongji pointed out : drug - related is 公害 the human society .
tian zengpei said : china holds that the establishment of a non - nuclear zone is an effective way to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons .
田弘茂 said : in view of the attention of all countries in the words and deeds of the un general assembly by the united states , it is expected that if the case to a silence by the united states , it can influence and britain , france , and other countries in the case on china 's attitude of the united nations .
( the 14 th ) conscientiously study and in - depth understanding , and resolutely implement the spirit of the " speech " is an important and long - term task of the whole party .
however , foreign investment risk investment companies in china has basically belongs to the traditional industrial investment , and the basic not directly set up a risk investment funds , and carry out operations .
it was precisely on such a backdrop , bush had no alternative but to make some adjustment of the foreign policy , certain areas have relatively pragmatic .
china has already left in old china , with most neighboring countries has been resolved the problem of trouble , and the border demarcation .
